Fast-food workers of reddit, what’s your hack, “secret”, or thing to avoid where you work?
What is an inexpensive food that you will never get tired of eating?
What are two foods that sound disgusting together but are actually pretty good?
Is it considered incest if you have sex after marriage?
Can you control who you fall in love with?
What foods do you love the taste of, but smell absolutely disgusting to you &amp; vice-versa?
Grinding out the next 30 years in a loveless, sexless marriage or a 9mm slug through the roof of my mouth?
What do you do to overcome depression and move into an ideal state?
Hello my respectable viewers, My names are amanda Steve and i'm from (Zurich , Switzerland) I am very happy to share this amazing testimony, i was hurt and heart broken when my husband left me with our kid, i was confused and didn't know what to do, i loved him so much, i tried all i could to brin
What is the absolute worst thing you’ve ever witnessed?
Ultra-Violent Kung-Fu/ Samurai movie recommendations
If you could switch your body with someone for a day, who it would be and why?
Reddit, who stole your food?
What's a question on AskReddit that just didn't have an answer?
Muppets of reddit, how did you feel about the cancellation of your mockumentary sitcom?
What’s that weird quirk in your SO that you absolutely love?
What would you tell that loved someone that's long gone?
How do you become a Jedi Master?
Timeline of what you are doing in your life ever since leaving college?
What off brand food/drink do you think is actually better than the name brand version?
What are some "magic" food combinations (i.e. dipping french fries into a chocolate shake)?
What do you consider true love?
If you had to choose between your pets living or a little innocent childs puppy which would you pick?
Whats the worst thing you did in school/college?
What’s the color of a mirror?
What is a life lesson you had to learn the hard way?
What are some weird food combinations that you love to eat?
What's the thing that makes you poot?
Does anyone else love their parents but hate their childhood and how their parents raised them?
What is one food that you wouldn’t eat even if you were starving?
What was your worst experience with food?
What's your most hated song by a band you love?
Its 2019, I'm all about self love. How are you treating yourself at the moment?
My dog doesn’t normally wear a collar, but I put a flea and tick one on him. I scratched under the collar, and he turns his whole body when I scratch under it, is he uncomfortable, or just really loving the scratches?
The last thing you ate is the only food you can eat for the rest of your life. What did you eat?
What food item do you wish had a 10lb bucket version of it?
Older people of reddit, if you could go back in time and change 1 thing, what would it be and why?
is dividend+stocks sold-total stocks bought+total hold how i should calculate for my gain in my stock port?
Weird songs you absolutely love?
Is possible to find love as someone who is very introverted/asocial in a world of extroverts?
What weird thing do you do when you're home alone?
Have you ever fallen in love with more than one person at a time, if so what did you do?
When have you lost a loved one, that you’ve been completely under appreciating, and have only realized it once they’ve already left?
College people of Reddit, what was the most Regrettable thing you did In college/university?
Do you think that true love is a temporary feeling? and that it applies to multiple persons at once? and why?
Some comfort food today would make me feel much better, what do you suggest?
What are foods you used to think were weird but after trying them are actuallly quite good?
Just found out my boss played a small roll in Star Trek in the 60s, how do I go about asking him about it even though I know he's embarrassed about it?
Hey Reddit! Just wondering, what's something that would make you unsub/unfollow someone IMMEDIATELY?
Would you take $1 Billion in cash, legally and tax free, at the cost of becoming a social pariah? No friends, family, or even acquaintances will ever care for you again. You will never find love or affection. Why or why not?
People who had accidentally killed their pets, what happened?
Which food establishment has stepped their game up over the past few years?
What would be the worst show/movie to get a gritty reboot?
What's something you hate to admit you love doing? Why do you not like admiting it?
Where’s best high school friend today?
Big fan of weekend getaways, especially to unique places where I feel at home or experience a sense of kinship. What cities/towns do you love to visit because they make you feel like you belong there?
If you could own a fast food restaurant, what one would you own?
[Serious] People of any faith, what prayer do you want me to make for you?
I live in hostel and share my room with three other roommates. Cooking isn’t a option here and the hostel food is low in protein. Can some suggest me a protein meal of at least 40g that doesn’t require cooking?(not protein powder as 2 scoops are already included in my other meals).
Can one be called junkie because one smokes weed ?
What are some goofy names people call their pets?
You’re at home really bored. You text your friends but they’re busy. Then you decide to go grab food. When you get their to pick up your food you see all your friends eating without you laughing and having the time of their lives, but they don’t see you yet. What are you gonna do?
Soap is ruining my food
What is in your opinion a good way to become a better person, and why?
Is it true that in some countries kids aren't allowed to take peanut butter sandwiches to school?
How would you pay tribute to your loved one?
If you love hot weather ( 95F) where in US is the best place to live in?
Students of Ivy League colleges, what was your expectations of it vs what it's actually like?
How long can you hold your breath in a tank of gravy?
People who leave multiple car lengths in front of you at Stop lights, why?
What is your vice?
Do other states offer college Scholarships similar to Georgia’s HOPE scholarship?
what's a cute, long paragraph to send to your S.O. to show them how much you love them?
With a snap of a finger, would you rather solve climate change, energy security, or food security?
Does anyone know any good love/romantic movies?
Outside of spending time with loved ones, if you had one hour to live, what would you do?
What does "thank you for being you" mean?
UK Redditors, how is the Hong Kong Protests being perceived?
First Responders/Police of Reddit, how often would you say pets eat their dead owners, vs don't?
What's the dumbest rumor you've heard about yourself?
People who have been in one sided love situations how did it turn out?
Why do American people always eat Chinese food with chop sticks in movies?
What common household items (other than from what I read, foods and handles) can you use as a dildo?
What was the last post that made you forcefully blow out air from your nose?
How do you know when you’re in love with someone?
What is something your pet did that showed that they loved you?
What's the amount of poo you'd eat in a row if it could save your loved ones?
What was your favorite childhood Video Game?
Past and present employees of McDonald’s, what’s something you wish the guest knew or understood about the store/food?
What's an embarrassing thing you love doing at home when you're all alone?
What subreddit do you mindlessly scroll through when your in the middle of an existential crisis. Asking for a friend
https://www.reddit.com/user/sayed1122/draft/48546bb0-89e1-11e9-a6ee-0e4e318f0ec2
What was your worst fast food experience like?
What was one food you loved as a kid but now you cant stand?
Hey, what ever happened to your first love?
How can I make some extra money
Dear Reddit, why nothing shows up when I search using symbols?
Redditors of reddit who use reddit and own annoying pets what’s annoying about them?
What would be a good title for a book about a girl traveling back in time to save her family from an assassination?
I graduated from high school today. Apart from a job, what are some hobbies/activities I can start this summer to enrich my worldview, well-being, college life, and beyond?
What cartoon did you love as a child, but doesn’t hold up now you’re older?
What would be your dream job?
Which subreddit makes you smile?
When I was a kid (late 70s), ABC had a Saturday morning show with fringe sports (bowling, barrel jumping, canoeing, etc). Loved watching with my dad. What sports that don't get much love in the USA are way more interesting and fun to watch than the big ones? (Football, Basketball, Baseball, Soccer?)
What is one thing you would love to do if it was paid for and your safety can be completely guaranteed?
do you love yourself, if so, to what extend?
Fast food delivery drivers who have delivered food for famous people: who were they and what did they order?
When did you know you were in love ?
What's a food combination you really love but most other people think is weird?
People of Reddit, what is your "Ah crap... I'm in love" story?
Classical book lovers, what is your reading recommendations that are similar to "Anna Karenina" or "Little Women"?
I am into entreprenuership and wanna start my own company, should I go to Digital Marketing or Programming college, I am interested in programming,and I am passionate about it, but I am in dilema here, because I also love marketing and think it will be useful?
People who went from "rags to riches," what's your story?
What's the best job you can get without going to college? [serious]
What was something you were not supposed to see when visiting someone else’s home?
Weird food combinations?
Given that this role can't and shouldn't be remade, and that the actor is incomparable, if you had to choose someone today to play the part of Columbo, who would it be and why?
Redditor’s, what jobs or opportunities did you lose from a video game addiction?
Will the nicotine market ever diminish?
How do people slowly become emotionally unattached to people they love?
What is a dish / food from a cartoon that you always wanted to try?
What is your most memorable moments with loved ones?
Customer service/food industry workers in Hollywood, how often do celebrities try to use their “influence” on getting their way?
What would you love to be reincarnated as?
what food would you prefer over sex?
You have the ability to go back in time and photobomb a well-known picture from any point in history. What famous photo do you ruin and how?
What are real life paradoxes, you have experienced?
What's something you love about Millennial culture?
YO, WHAT IS IT WITH LEFT HANDED PEOPLE BEING ABLE TO KICK WITH THEIR RIGHT FOOT BUT NOT WITH THEIR LEFT FOOT?
When is a time that healthcare helped you in a non-typical way - helping you find food resources, helping you out of an abusive relationship, etc.?
What's the most annoying habit a coworker can have?
What's the proper amount of pure maple syrup for a person to drink a day?
redditors who are asleep right now, are you having a good night's sleep?
How long did it take you to forget your first love?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what movie scene makes you feel gross, dirty, or unsettled?
The best gift you received on Father's Day?
Have you every been in love with someone that you just couldn’t be with? And they didn’t feel the same way about you, so you just wish them well from far away and never get them out of your head for over a decade?
Vegans, why do you use seasoning to flavour your food like meat?
Which are the best (computer science )programming related podcasts?
What is the weirdest food combination you know of that shouldn't work, but does?
Should people who live in high homicide cities be allowed to seek asylum in Canada and be give free housing, food and money like the USA gives to people from Mexico?
Programmers of reddit, after you start being a professional and programming becoming your main source of income, does it keep being challenging or just become a no-brainer like a ton of jobs out there?
What should I do for my friend’s cake day that’s coming up soon?
what's love island about?
College graduates of the 2010s- where are you now? Would you say college was worth it? Why or why not?
Who created the universe?
What food did you hate until you realized that you just never had it when it was made well?
What is your advice to someone who is about to start college?
What is a movie/show everyone seems to love but that you just don’t get?
What do you buy for $1000 instead of the apple stand?
What is one thing you would love to see edited into an entire movie?
Geting exception when try to create chat-ops someting went wrong. How to solve that?
What subreddit is niche, but has a surprising amount of subscribers?
Why do people like reaction videos?
What chess piece most fits your personality and why?
[Serious] People in Hong Kong who are NOT protesting, why?
I met this girl I have feelings for which she said she also loves and cares for me but is just not ready for a relationship. I told her I'll always be there for her and that she's the best which she said to me I'm making her feel soft when she's usually cold what does this mean?
What should I do about the people I love not being able together especially for my birthday because of my father ?
When is the path of least resistance worst then the alternative?
What are good gifts for guys that are not food or alcohol?
Redditors who met your SO after college, how did you meet, and what helped spark your relationship?
Why do vaginas look like oysters?
What was the defining moment that made you realize you were truly in love with someone?
What’s the thing you love or hate the most? Don’t tell us which!
What college elective class have you found useful now that you're out of college?
Why do I love sad music so much?
What helped you pass college?
Other then flowers. What is something to send your SO so they know you appreciate and love them?
How much is too much?
I am into entreprenuership and wanna start my own company, should I go to Digital Marketing or Programming college, I am interested in programming,and I am passionate about it, but I am in dilema here, because I also love marketing and think it will be useful?
What’s your favorite food, and is there a specific reason?
If you can make any food no longer exist, what will it be. (bonus) make a list if you want.
How can I be supportive to my girlfriend who's trying to lose weight, while at the same time not rubbing it in while I'm eating more trying to gain weight? She always cheats and eats my food.
What questions are okay to be reposted here?
Would you rather add 40% to your lifespan or not need to sleep?
Why were so many other men very lucky and blessed when they met their wives when so many of us single men can't find love at all because of all these low life very pathetic man hating feminist women that are all over the place nowadays?
Which TV/movie mom or dad did you have a crush on when you were young? Do you still have the same feelings as an adult?
People who like to smell their own farts, what foods make your farts smell the best?
Am going to college in 2 months and am a virgin. How do get to have sex with many girls in college?
If you can time travel to any point in the history of earth what time period would you travel to?
In Life what matter most is your health and be authentically doing what your heart deep inside love ? All else is meaningless .
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen on someone else’s phone?
People of Reddit, how would you want to die?
What meme, dead or alive, do you love right now?
What’s your proudest achievement?
What would you choose if you could pick your last meal on Earth?
What are your tips and tricks to survive college/university, when you are broke AF?
Fantasy lovers of Reddit, what to you makes an amazing fantasy story?
Do you think eventually all school/classes will be entirely online? From elementary to college
Which character from the MCU do you secretly hate that everyone else seems to love.
How can people say Keanu Reeves loves everyone if I exist?
Never been in love
What's the best improvised answer you can give me if you pretend this question was something else?
What’s a good food deal for a restaurant in your city that’s too good and/or can be taken advantage of?
Couples of Reddit, how do you SHOW your significant other you love them?
Americans, what is the best food, restaurants or groceries that only can be found in the US to try for foreigners?
What’s the strangest thing you found out because a child nonchalantly “told” on their family/friends?
What's something you did years ago that you cant even image doing now?
60s, 70s, 80s, 90s: Which decade do you love the most and why?
What is your go-to drunk food?
What would happen if everyone in America got a Twitter and simultaneously tweeted their bank account info?
What is your "Oh, I'm living under a rock" moment?
What is the "can't bring your own food in the cinema" myth or your work place?
Pet owners of reddit; what are some annoying things people say/ask you about your pets?
Which celebs are the friendliest?
How do you need a hand, Reddit?
Has anyone ever been killed so bad that there was nothing left?
What dessert made from real food (not innuendo) is your favorite on 4th of July?
What are some name brand food items that don't have any generic versions that are as good as the original?
If your dating someone and then they fall in love with you in your superhero outfit are they cheating on you?
If you opened up a food truck what type of truck would you have?
What are the chances of someone with minor learning disabilities going to community college and leaving with a decent paying career?
Out of all the food mascots you know who do ago think is the most dangerous?
How can I get my cat to love my gf AND me? I don’t get it. I’m almost done trying out of frustration. I picked him up the streets. I feed him, take care of every single need he may need. Yet he doesn’t show the same “love” he shows to my gf and literally runs away from me when I go even near him.
You find a magic lamp, rub it, and a genie comes out. The genie says you have two options that can't change. You can have one wish that will last one hour, or you can have one wish that will last forever, but after this wish, someone you know and love will die. What would you do and wish for?
Do you believe in love at first sight? 😻
Why do democrats continue to say we live in a Democracy, when we actually live in a Republic?
Anyone here have Reddit?
What makes someone worthy of love?
[SERIOUS] people of reddit, have you ever murdered murdered someone, have you ever attempted it, what happened?
What’s something everyone hates that you love?
Is Jealousy love or hate?
What was the one thing you found out in your relationship that made you know that you wanted to break up?
What’s the best drinking game to play?
All magic comes with a price. If you could use magic, but you'll have to pay the price, what would that price be?
Thrift store workers of Reddit, what was the worst thing you found that was donated?
Who’s your favourite philosopher? Why?
If you had to be one celebrity for the day. Who would it be?
Whats an underrated song you know of that deserves more publicity?
[Serious] Victims of Child/Domestic abuse what are your stories?
Adults of Reddit, what present would you love to receive now that you would dislike getting as a child?
How much do you spend on food per month?
What is a food that isn’t ruined by toothpaste?
What song do you feel best describes how you feel about love, sexuality, and romance?
Graduates, what's something you wish people had warned you about for college?
College Students and Alumni of Reddit, what is/was your go to dorm room meal when the cafeteria food didn't sound appealing?
What's a career that you can get into and make a decent living with absolutely no college or training?
Reddit, what was your “Ah shit, I’m in love” moment?
What is the best age of kids to teach them computer programming?
What have you learned from Reddit, that’s made your life easier/better/more enjoyable?
What food seems healthy, but is actually really bad for you?
What would be too much food for a day? (Give food examples)
What’s the best way to get through a boring, slow office day?
For those of you that have ever been in a car accident, what is your story?
What's the strangest thing you've gotten your rocks off to?
between blogging and programming which is the best for the next 10 years?
Why are people so mean why do they say hurtful things why do they hurt you when they know that you’re vulnerable
What was a complicated question you asked/thought of that really had a simple/dumb answer?
What complete albums should I listen to?
What are the most unlikely food pairings you know of?
What food did you not like when you were young but like now?
What food item absolutely disgusts you?
[Serious] Police officers of reddit. What are some secrets you know of fellow officers that might ruin them if ever went public or someone found out?
What is your favorite food?
How does a person respond to the question, "Where did you go to college?" when holding a job that typically requires a degree but the person doesn't have one?
Generally, what nonprocessed foods taste good?
What is your biggest character flaw that you've been working to overcome?
Why do you or do you not want to be in a love relationship?
Gamers of Reddit, which character is most like you and why?
If you could change something about the world, what would it be?
What's your go-to comfort food when you're feeling down?
(Serious) What’s something you’ve worried about in the past, but learned to love or at least not mind?
How can other people to add pictures to my Dropbox files?
What's the name of the comic that has a college guy caught wearing his girlfriend's panties by bullies ?
How would you like your grandchildren to call you?
Do you mind when a guy prematurely cums?
Ladies, if you found out that your geeky, slightly chubby college freshman best guy friend accidentally locked himself out of his house - ahem - sans clothes, how would you react to him confessing this to you?
Watched Spider-Man 2.1 today. I loved the Ash (Evil Dead, Army Of Darkness) reference with the chainsaw in the hospital scene with Doc Ock. Which movies have your favorite director trademarks, winks and easter eggs?
At what moment did you know your pet loved you?
What food makes your poop smell the worst?
Do you think Extraterrestrial Beings are real?
If you have pets, what is the most bizzare thing that you saw them eat?
Do you think boys are born less capable of feeling love, sadness, happiness, emotional pain, disappointment, or that they need/deserve less compassion than girls? Do girls just matter more than guys in each and every way? Why?
Why is basic personal hygiene so difficult for people with depression?
Students who have lived in dorms, what's the weirdest way to cook food you used while in residence?
What’s something you shouldn’t be doing right now?
What is the best/most suitable name and occupation combination that you have ever come across?
Since the world needs more love, who do you love the most, and why?
Should I switch into comp sci?
What other types of girly things do male fans of candid, talentless reality TV shows (like The Real World, Jersey Shore, and KUWTK) love to do?
How close in personality are you to your horoscope? How much do you believe in that sort of stuff?
Hey reddit, what’s your favorite song to blast while doing chores on A Sunday afternoon?
If you fell in love with your bestfriend, would you confess your feelings to him/her? Why?
Redditors, What are your favorite food/s?
What fantasy universe do you love to watch/read/play, but you would hate to actually live in as yourself?
If you could eat only one type of food what food would that be and why?
How are you?
What would be the worst name for a seafood restaurant?
What foods do you love the taste of, but smell absolutely disgusting to you &amp; vice-versa?
If you could remove a type of food from the world, which one would you choose?
Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit, what do you think when the classic “enjoy your food” “you to” act happens
How do you know if you love someone and What makes it different from a really good friendship?
What is the most generic name for a person from your country?
People of Reddit, what's the worst accent or dialect in your opinion?
what are some of the pro tips any college student should know to improve his/her study skills?
What CargLa n .--. . --- .--. .-.. . / --- -. / . .- .-. - .... / .- .-. . / .--. .-. .. -- .. - .. ...- . .-.-.- 65 ภาษาที่เราเข้าใจ P̣hās̄ʹā thī̀ reā k̄hêācı tsikiji?
What are some crazy conspiracies of the food world that ended up being true?
[Serious] Those of you who feel more love for their step-parent than your biological one, do you ever feel guilty?
I love Tom Holland who else?
People who have avoided disaster what disaster and how?
Soon it will be father's day, What is something that your dad does that you love?
What is one uncommon food combination that people wouldn’t approve of but you’d have to at least try once?
Do you think empathy can be taught? Why or why not?
Which vegetarian food you love most and why?
What do you love most about yourself?
What is a food that's only good paired with something else?
What non sexual thing/movie/show/etc do you turn sexual in fanfiction/drawings/your mind? [Serious]
What's a food or smell that reminds you of your childhood?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is the worst part about your job?
What is a warning sign that a TV show is going bad?
What would cause a young person to be attracted only to the blood of people they love/care about?
Would you marry a foreign girl without a college education, speaks no english, not beautiful, a bit on the larger side, but would put up with everything give her?
What’s the best thing that someone has done for you that made you feel the most loved?
Why did your childhood end?
Redditors that have pets what is the cutest thing they have done?
Would you relive your best moment again even if you have to relive your most embarrassing? Why or why not?
What’s the worst instance of “I ordered food/drink with these specifications but it wasn’t fulfilled and it caused me to have severe side effects” you’ve ever seen?
How did you get introduced to Reddit?
Cancer / other illnesses survivors of reddit, what's your story?
what are you irrationally afraid of?
What is it about country music that makes people like the twangy sound and the crappy lyrics other than the twangy sound and the crappy lyrics?
If you were to go back in time to the medieval ages, what modern invention/technology would you be able to build to suddenly advance civilization a couple hundred years?
How can I become better than everyone else? [serious]
What do you expect to be the best careers in the future? I'm starting college soon, and I wanna know what are the best things to major in due to a bright career outlook! :)
What unpopular candy do you love?
What fictitious item would you love to have even if it cost you £1 million pound?
Is the whole field of psychology respected or considered a "fake science" ?
What are some signs that you should break up with a SO even when you still have feelings for them?
Is a person's personality defined by Nature or Nurture?
Have you ever feel successful at work, friendships, personal activities, but a failure in love?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was something a customer ordered that wasn't on the menu, but could be by the name of it
[serious] How realistic is the trope of dying people finishing their task (defeating an enemy/reuniting with loved ones) before actually dying?
How are you, kind stranger?
Help choosing classes for college
Fast food employees, what is the order that made you think, “I really don’t get paid enough for this”?
Reddit when were you taught not to play with fire?
Fast food workers, what should we never order from you? Why?
What do you regret not doing in your life?
What's a b movie you you love?
What are some first names you love that you would want to name your kids, but wouldn't due to knowing people would make fun of them?
What are some good trial type movies such as When They See Us, Making a murderer, Extremely Wicked, etc.?
What do you love most about your SO?
Redditors who graduated college directly into the great recession, just how harsh was the job search?
What is the most absurd rule in your school/college/university/workplace which you think should be removed?
Blind users of Reddit, how are you reading this?
People of Reddit, what is the most disgusting thing you ever saw people do in a fast food restaurant?
What is the Mexican food that is like a chimichanga but it doesn’t have anything but the chimichanga rice and cheese
Does true love really exist ?
What’s one food you don’t understand?
Poor college graduates of America, what common misconceptions about the poor do you wish went away?
Can you describe a enjoyable/positive moment at work that made you love your job?
School janitors of reddit, what's the most juiciest gossip you have heard that are actually true?
If a person told a US border agent that they love Trump, would the border agent let them in?
How many countries would you consider to be "a lot" of countries to have visited? Why that number?
What was the biggest scandal at your school/college?
Redditors who dated their first love, how did you get over the relationship after breaking up?
People of reddit, who do you love the most?
If you were able to live a life in which you didn't need food to live but could still eat, how often would you?
If the sun were to burn out, would humans still be able to survive underground? How deep would we need to go to stay warm and how could we get water and food?
What food, beverage, or drug, does your body not agree with?
What's the most you ever lost to the ever changing tides of time?
How common is in your country to find a gamer girl (I mean like a casual gamer, playing some games they love in their free time, not addicted but not "I played pokemon when I was 6 for 15 minutes")?
How old do you have to be before it can be said you died of old age?
What are some of your hobbies?
Parents of straight-a students, what did your child do after high school/college?
Owners of Mastercards, what have been your most memorable "Priceless" packages and how much did they cost?
Police of Reddit, what was your “I had to kill them” story?
What things do you have stored subconsciously that no one knows about?
Pet owners of Reddit, what are some of the funniest stories you can tell about your pets?
Guys who love their women crazy, what's the craziest thing a girl has ever done to you?
Would you crush a opossum under your tire for a million dollars?
If you had one day left to live, how would you spend it?
About to start college again full time but also gonna be working full time, anybody have any helpful tips for me?
What do you love about your dog?
Do people actually get cake on Cake Day?
Which language programming do you prefer?
What's your go to time killer at work?
What food/drink will never get old, no matter how much you consume?
New to YU-GI-OH! But I love it! What are some of the more fun decks to play?
What moment with your SO, made you feel "yeah she/he is the one?
What is better to be to be successful in love, ugly but fun or good looking but annoying/not fun?
What is the most weirdest thing you thought of while doing nothing and no one is around you?
What's an underrated pet to own?
How would I make a stray cat more comfortable around me? I always give it food in a bowl, but it still gets afraid when I come closer to it. Or will it be near impossible since it is not domesticated and its natural instincts will always kick in that there is a threat coming up closer?
Any advice on getting over a former lover?
Should having a college degree determine whether you get a job or not? at what point does it outweigh in-field experience?
Dear Reddit, who else loves eating live cockroaches and how do they taste to you compared to other protein-packed foods?
Is slaughtering an amimal without letting it bleed out harmful afterwards?
What weird or stupid things did you witness in highschool or college?
Cat owners of Reddit, what event convinced you that your cat is secretly plotting your death?
People of reddit, What is something weird you do in someone else's bathroom?
What is your most cringe worthy experience?
Flight attendants of Reddit, What do you love/hate the most about your job?
What is your best childhood memory?
What kind of world do you want to live in?
What is the logic behind an abusive spouse isolating their SO from their loved ones?
Theologically speaking , does paranoid schizophrenia mean hell ?
People of Reddit, what is your most interesting food gatekeeper story?
What weird food do you eat that everyone else thinks is gross?
What song got you to love music?
Gays of Reddit, how do you find someone to love and keep company with while you haven't come out to your friends and family and none of your contacts is gay?
White people of reddit
which airsoft gloves would you recommended fingerless or ones cover your entire hand?
Chili based puns for naming a fast food place?
What should the official anthem, food, beverage and pastime ACTUALLY be for your area or country or some other country or area you would like to roast?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex?
What food does everyone seem to like but you hate?
If food weren't a thing, what would humans look like and what would be our energy source?
Restaurant workers of Reddit, what is the single weirdest food order you ever saw?
Would you do it?
What’s your “I love it, but I just can’t do it anymore”?
What’s your love language?
What is your favorite fast food life hack?
People of reddit what is your dangerues hoby that you love?
Whats ur favorite logan Paul video xD?
Cabin Crew of Reddit: What do passengers do almost every flight that you love or hate?
/u/AutoModerator on I saw my dad texting love hearts to my moms friend. My dad doesn't know that I know.what shall I do?
You have 3 wishes you can't wish for more wishes, and you can't wish for love, what would you wish for?
What's the best combo of foods/drinks to produce the most ungodly FART?
Spilled water on collectible doll boxes, any suggestions to preserve the boxes?
Fast food workers and servers, what can a customer do to make your job as stress free as possible?
jojo fans of reddit, how and why did you start reading/watching jojo?
You learn you have the ability to make any mammal lactate. How do you proceed?
What is the one food you can have everday?
People of reddit, who used to hate themselves or had issues with their self-image, how did you overcome the boundaries and learned to love yourself?
Snackers of Reddit, what snack food can you not go without?
[Serious] Hey Reddit, is it rude to ask a stranger to chew food with their mouth closed (or at least stop smacking their lips) eating when in a public place?
Marriage counselors, what are the most common mistakes couples make?
How long does it take seafood (like shrimp) to start smelling bad?
What food combinasion Sound gross But tastes great?
What's a food/dish that everyone seems to like, but you hate?
How do I focus on my exam ( I fell in love with someone and I sleep less,like 2 hours per night, I eat less and I can't concentrate)
[Serious only] People of reddit, what's your my best friend stole my crush/I stole my best friends crush story?
Would u rather know a loved one may pass away (so u can say goodbye, sort things out, prepare) or that they go unexpectedly?
What is the wierdest food you've ever ate
What are some funny stories about your pets?
Intellectuals of Reddit, What is your favorite meme?
What first world problem are you facing today?
What is Sexy food for a single person?
What is that movie scene that you love watching over and over?
[Serious] What is a search engine that actually has more results than google?
Aside from any form of abuse, what minor negative situations happened in your childhood that you still deal with to this day?
What are some good comebacks when getting bullied ?
I love crossdressing, anyone else?
People of reddit, whats the weirdest thing your friend has done in front of a loved one?
Reddit what foods did you hate as a kid, but now absolutely love as an adult?
Democratic voters who haven’t decided on a candidate yet: what are you looking forward to in tonight’s debate? What qualities will make a candidate stand out to you? What will turn you off of a candidate?
What do you love most about yourself?
Chefs of reddit, what’s the weirdest request a customer has ordered for their food?
Why isn't there any racism based therapies or anti-discrimination camps?
What is something that you used to love that you kind of just stopped doing one day?
If you had to choose one colour of food to eat for the rest of your life what would it be? And why?
If you had to kill somebody in a school setting, how would you do it? Currently writing an choose your own adventure novel and would love to hear how YOU would eliminate somebody. Would you stab them? Drown them in a toilet? Or something even more grizzly?
What are some fucked up things you enjoy doing for fun?
Women of Reddit in authority positions, what's your worst experience with misogyny?
Do you like Indian food which one is yours most favourite and why?
Just saw the fantasy show at Luxor Vegas and loved the music, I can’t find the set list or soundtrack info anywhere, any of you guys know the list or where to find it?
Post college decisions
Fastfood workers of Reddit, what's your "worst customer ever" story?
Tradies of reddit, what do you love/hate about your job?
When do you feel the most loved?
Morning people of Reddit, do you love saying good morning to other people?
What is the largest food item you have saved using the 5 second rule?
Ex-Retail Workers and Ex-Fastfood employees whats the dumbest thing you have seen someone get fired for or you have got fired for?
What gangster skill do you wish you had acquired?
Sports fans of Reddit, what would be that one piece of memorabilia that you would love to have?
Redditors who were stuck in a love triangle, who did that work out?
What is the best feeling you've experienced?
What's your favourite "atypical" (no food or fragances) smell?
I used to love my Nakamichi car stereo back in the day. The brand isn't very popular in the states anymore, though. What is a high end brand from your youth that has basically faded away into oblivion?
/u/AutoModerator on What song changed you?
What habit of your partner drives you crazy?
Do people post art in reddit so that other people can steal it?
People who are homosexuals: if suddenly, you are hetersexual now, besides your lover, what about your previous lifestyle you are going to miss? Why?
Accidentally Took a Pic of a Waitress and Now I feel like such a Creeper
What are some skills or trades that someone who is unemployed, with no college background, can learn and get hired to do in a shortest period of time?
How would Reddit be different if there was no downvote button?
[Serious] What is a precious memory to you that you would love to go back and revisit?
What is a creepy thing about your city?
Reddit what foods seriously gave you diarrhea?
If you played Neopets back in the day, would you start playing again if it came back new and improved?
Who's Reddit account do you secretly know of, but they have no idea?
What food do you always eat way too much of?
How do I develop a relationship with a girl?
What is the best food that you ate on vacation and where?
What was your "idgaf at this point" moment?
Graduated students of Reddit, what is your greatest regret after finishing college/grad school?
What is the worst condition you’ve seen someone’s house in?
what's your favourite music to make love to?
I have an I phone 6s that I love dearly but would like to upgrade. What should I get?
What was an enjoyable course you took in college?
What is your college horror story?
What’s your opinion of being a secret admirer , and sending anonymous love letters?
Taco Casa workers of Reddit
[Serious] What would you rather do? Live longer through augmentated robotics or die quick and painless?
In your culture, how big a deal is saying "I love you"?
You give your two weeks notice at your job, what do you strive to do during that time period?
When did you witness a real-life plot twist?
Target workers of Reddit, what happened in your store when Target’s entire computer system went down yesterday?
What is something loved in your state but is odd in another state?
Redditors who adopted a child in the front of the budget of you of course your kid what was the level?
What would you prefer, never being able to go anywhere from the city that you are living or never being able to access to the internet?
What are the things you love in the past that you want it to come back?
[SERIOUS] Cheaters of Reddit, why do you do it?
What do you prefer in your food? Onion or garlic?
What after-dark things should everyone try before graduating from college?
If you had to choose only one color food to eat for the rest of your life, what color would that be?
What is your go-to “this is my jam” song?
Why do malls still exist?
As someone who loves video games, what games can bring you to tears?
What would be your dream place to live, taking into aspect all parts of life like government, food, weather?
Trying to figure out for college... What degree would I earn to become an IT Tech?
If video games were never invented, how different would your childhood have been? How different of a person would you be today?
Redditors who love sleeping, how was the longest nap that you've ever taken?
What experience made you "grow up," or go from child to adult?
What's your food addiction?
Guys who went to college in the 90's how was the relationship between the two individuals then like how was college love then than compared to now?
(Serious) Fast food workers, How has the "I ordered what the person in front of me ordered" (Drive through challenge) effected your job? Does it annoy you?
People who've fallen in and out of love, what was your experience?
Have you ever heard someone you just met speak and their voice instantly reminded you of a loved one who has passed? What are your stories redditors?
Dear Reddit, what song describes your love life right now?
What foods do you love the taste of but hate the texture of ?
What food do you hate that everyone else seems to like?
What are two foods that unexpectedly taste good together?
Whats your favorite food recipe?
What was the most disgusting food your high school served? And why was is so nasty?
People who have been at gunpoint what did it feel like,what did you think about, why?
Who is the strongest person you've seen (physically) and what's their most impressive feat of strength?
(fellow) Gay People of reddit: What's one problem straight people probably don't know we have.
Celibates of Reddit, what is it like?
What is a frozen microwavable food that is surprisingly delicious?
What does "love" mean to you?
Redditors who love to make others laugh, are you actually depressed?
Why do you love me so much?
Step-siblings/half-siblings of reddit, do you love your step-siblings/half-siblings. If so, why? If not, why not?
The house is on fire, but everyone is safely out, the pets, all wallets and cash are out, if you could make one last dash to get something, what would it be?
Styes?
What do u love to do?
What’s your sports injury story?
What’s your best college/highschool memory?
A phobia is a fear of something.... What the hatred (without fear) of something? Such as if you hate a certain type of music, or food, or something?
What would you like to see happen to a fictional character?
If anyone here makes porn, how do you find it?
What do girls love?
Reddit, what is the joke you are most proud of?
https://forms.gle/SBV2WVRxjUgtzRVb9 ?
Who was the last person you said “I love you” to?
What was the stupidest way someone tried to rob you?
What things are easier done than said?
What's the worst thing you've ever done to someone whom you loved?
Wait a minute. I just thought of something. What if Danny DeVito is God, Keanu Reeves is Jesus and Chuck Norris ia the Holy Spirit?
What was your best performance in any sports game?
Dear college students with roommates have you ever caught your roommate/s doing something weird. If yes, what is it.
Which 2 ingredients, one edible and other totally non edible, would make the most desirable food combo?
What do you do when you've got plenty of love to give and there's no one in life to shower it upon?
Who from the past would you love to have made their own YouTube videos?
What foods are surprisingly more unhealthy than Oreos?
What two celebrities would you love to see meet in real life?
What is something you love but hate to do?
which food you used to hate , but now you love.
Police officers of reddit, what are the top reasons your likely to pull someone over?
What’s a piece of media a lot of people hate but you love?
People of Reddit, what's a well paying job before college?
Aviation Enthusiasts of Reddit, what is your favourite aeroplane and why?
People of reddit, post your weirdest that's what he/she said stories?
People of Reddit who share food, how do you not get mad when the other person takes more than you?
People of Reddit, how did your perception of college change from your freshman year to your senior year?
How is it possible to love someone so much yet still hurt them
What funny or silly things did you used to believe when you were a kid?
What are the signs your partner doesn't love you anymore?
Yooo reddit whatchu guys think of BF4? We all know the Minecraft good Fortnite bad thing oging on rn but honestly I love that game, what's your guys' opinion?
When did you watch the first YouTube video you ever watched, and if you can remember, what was it about?
Couples of Reddit who have survived major issues/disagreements over the years, how did you come out the other side?
Basic human needs are Physiological needs - these are biological requirements for human survival, e.g. air, food, drink, shelter, clothing, warmth, sex, sleep.What would be other needs?Why?
If there was a dating app for pets, what would your pets ‘Tell Us About Yourself’ be?
[Serious] how would you mend the growing left/right divide in America?
What’s your worst panic-fueled response to a person trying to socialise?
Not sure if this is allowed here, but I had a somewhat simple question for you lovely people of Reddit; What are your favorite / least favorite aspects and features of social media?
What's the brokest you've ever been
When do you know you are inlove?
What is a someone or something that everyone seems to love that you can’t stand? Why?
What's the most ominous sentence you can think of?
What are the most disgusting foods combinations?
what makes you lie awake in bad at night?
People who deliver food, what's your most odd, funny or scary encounter?
What is the most alarming thing you've ever found in a packaged food?
If you had to pay for food by calorie, what would you buy?
Do old men (like 60s or 70s) love asian girls?
What is a subreddit you loved once but you unjoined recently because you got sick of it? And why?
What food are you craving that isn't available where you are?
fetuses of Reddit, how's your mother's womb?
What are your most profound way to express love to someone, with only one sentence?
I love creating maps of fictional worlds and places, so I was wondering if there’s an app or something for a phone or computer that would allow me to create these maps?
Have you ever had a "Am i on Punk'd/Where the eff is Ashton Kutcher" moment? What happened, how did you deal with it, and what were the outcome?
americans was confuses you about Britain and British people?
What keeps you up at night?
Americans of Reddit, assuming the next Civil War will happen soon with today’s politics as the backdrop, where will you be and what will you be doing?
What current bands or artists, from any genre or region, would you love to see live?
What are some good jobs that don’t require college degree?
[Serious] What's beautiful about the people in your life that you love?
What is a problem we had in 1989 but not longer in 2019?
What’s the most memorable way you’ve ever told someone you loved them/been told someone loves you?
What did you do to get over an ex you loved dearly?
Dear Reddit, why are some people SO obsessed with finding the hottest/spiciest foods/sauces to eat?
What was your worst food poisoning experience like?
How do you keep from thinking about food all the time when you're dieting?
What was your worst experience working in a fast food chain like McDonald's?
At what age you discovered babies are not sent by Angels?
Refurbishers of Reddit, do any of you know where i can reliably buy a broken nintendo switch to fix from? Asking because i dont have enough money to buy a new one...
What’s the most unexpected and unusual food combination you ever had?
Fast food workers, what has a customer done/said that you heard/saw that's pissed you off?
What obsure game do you really like?
What is something, other than loved ones, you fear you'll not get to experience after you die?
What are some of your unpopular opinions about food?
What’s the most utterly dangerous animal that you’d love to have as a pet despite its dangers?
What's your personal line between a goal being 'challenging but rewarding' and 'not worth it'?
Besides your stash of porn, what are some things that you would hate for your loved ones or family members to find out about you after you are gone?
Which was the best r/IAmA thread in your opinion?
Deaf people of Reddit, what’s it like being deaf and do you have trouble coping with it?
Do Australian women love American accents?
People who work in food, what is the most disgusting custom order you have ever gotten?
What is the WORST food sin you have seen someone committing?
Can you describe yourself in 4 words?
What’s something/who’s someone that everyone seems to love, but you just don’t understand why?
Question: (thank you for not having any rules on here and letting us just have our way with our questions, much love) 💕
If every subreddit suddenly went to meme war, who would be fighting who?
Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit how do you feel when the classic “enjoy your food” “you too” act happens
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or do you see that love comes from dealing with two people?
Humans of Reddit, what was one of those times you were unintentionally savage?
Save the Turtles?
What food do you crave that others think is weird?
What game becomes easier, funner, or just better, when played on mobile?
Pilots of Reddit, what is the worst thing to happen in flight that you had no control over?
People who use Keyboard layouts other than QWERTY, what's your reasonings?
What is something that can describe both the people from a country and that country’s food?
Come on let’s hear those love stories, how did you meet your SO?
You've fallen in love. With a food. What are you in love with and how does it make you feel?
What jobs haven't been made any easier by technology?
What sport would you love to be the best in professionally?
New York City is so expensive to live in yet it’s infested with rats and bums? I just don’t get why is it so outrageously expensive to live here? Do people just love rats and dirty bums?
I'm at a cross roads, and would love some feedback?
What is the worst thing you’ve seen in your food?
What's as American as a German guy?
Why would you choose to work fast food, when you could just as easily get a job in a real restaurant that has virtually the same job requirements with much higher pay?
What is your favorite programming language and why?
What's a stupid song you sing to your pets?
which song title perfectly described your love life now ?
If your obese is eating lots of healthy food better for you than eating no food at all?
one of the few substances in the world that automatically makes something not food
Why is October the 10th month and not the 8th?
People of Reddit who fell in love with your bestfriend. How did you dealt with it?
Are doctors less likely to smoke?
Restaurant workers of Reddit, do you eat your resutaunt's food outside of work hours?
How to defeat/overcome looks' insecurity from past bullying and be more confident?
Has anyone ever met someone who you genuinely think might not get a good job later in life or work in fast food or retail for the rest of their lives
How do YOU express YOUR love?
People of reddit, what was your scariest nightmare?
What is your near miss story?
What’s a video game you would love to play in VR?
What Was the Composition of Carrier Air Wings 1 and 3 during WWII in the Pacific Campaign in terms of their fighter, bomber, and torpedo squadrons?
People who work in food service, have you ever taken advantage of the 5 second rule?
Why does food taste good bug when you eat it to much it tastes bad?
What can I make or buy for my boyfriend as a gift to show him my love for him?
What's the creepiest/strangest dream you've ever had?
What are some food free rpgmmo
Who’s the one person you’d just love to meet?
What beloved game do you wish you could take portable every day?
How many fights did you win or lose at school?
What is the most underrated food
People who have visited other countries that serve food from your country, what differences have you noticed?
What do you do when you are stuck in gridlock traffic ?
Why can’t your topic in r/unpopularopinion be about politics/politically charged when all it seems like there is on Reddit is politically motivated content?
Redditors, you die and go to purgatory, what happened in your life that would get you to heaven or to hell?
What are the biggest issues affecting humankind as a whole?
Which food did you prefer for dinner
If you were to open a restaurant, what types of food would you sell?
How to start programming? What are important things i have to learn in programming?
People who have worked a fast food window, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen in someone’s car?
I am at my job rn doing telephone interviews in a 1 story building. I would like to know if I could order food, keep my car trunk cracked open and tell them to put the food in trunk and close it. Would this be safe?
What is the meaning of life to you people of Reddit?
What is the most agonizing or annoying sports story you have?
What is the best way to prank your pets?
What locally famous food in your country that you actually hate?
What is your frozen meal comfort food?
What's something people love to hate?
What’s one thing you like/love that most people hate?
What was your "I just can't do this anymore" moment?
What is the most fun, awesome, exciting, well worth it public place/vacation you've ever been to/visited?
How do each of you feel when you are in love?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever found in processed food?
Most of us could agree we would love the ability to replay any memories in great detail on command. What memory would you replay ?
Are the fast food employees judging their customer based on their body shape, look, attitude and the size of the order? [For employees] Did you have any interesting experience with a customer?
Why everyone is ok to work for trust and love with pets, but not worth people?
What’s a terrible movie that you love?
What's the story of your first "I love you" with your SO?
Redditors that have taught abroad, what are the pros and cons of traveling to a new country to teach?
What places are you banned from and why?
Divorced men,do you still care/love your ex-wife?
People with eidetic/photographic or otherwise vivid, detailed memory, what do you use your skills for in daily life?
I have a curse. The majority of the time I place an order at a restaurant the order is either incorrect or they forget my food entirely. What is your curse?
What tradition do you keep up even though there is no discernible reason for it that you are aware of?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the straw that finally broke the camel’s back and made you quit?
I just impulse bought some Strawberry Lemonade Natural Light, and it really not that bad. What’s another food or beverage that sounds weird or nasty that really isn’t bad?
What's are different ways to express love?
What's your favorite food or drink, that would gladly accept a lifetime supply of?
Who is the worst popular band of all time?
What are some ways we can show love to our fellow man?
What's a weird food/food combination you like or have seen someone eat?
What is an unusual food combination that you love but everybody else hates?
What do you think of ppl who have their pets as their phone wallpapers?
What discontinued food/snack would you bring back?
People of reddit with pets, what made you go "I want that one!"?
Which is the best Japanese food Restaurant in Delhi and NCR?
[Serious]People of Reddit, What was your "Run or I/We Die" moment that you experienced?
When do you know you're in love?
Do you think Gordon Ramsay ever just has a chill day and eats regular chicken ramen? Or is he always that extra with his food?
What’s something normal you can search for and get really fucked up search results?
What does the phrase "absolute unit" mean?
Which sub reddit do you hate the most/ disturbs you the most and why?
What is your top/proudest comment?
Meth users, why do you use or what got you started?
why do pregnant women (at 4-5 weeks) always hold their stomaches?
What is your favourite r/nosleep story and why?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever seen lead to a fist fight?
What celebrity/famous person would you love to have a conversation with but on the condition the conversation only lasted one minute?
Men of Reddit what show made predominately for women do you love?
Good morning Reddit. If your life was saved by a hero, what’s your story?
What independent music artists would you love to make a song together?
Ladies do you let your soulmate watch it leak out after he finishes inside?
What’s that one song you love that’s seemingly hated by everyone else?
Kind of awkward question pertaining to law in the state of Oregon.
What is your favorite food?
What is a food that has been ruined for you because you work at a place that serves it?
What is your job/career and why do you hate/love it?
Can you fall out of love with someone you shouldn't fall in love with? If so, how?
If other objects were named by what you do to them (like pets), what would things be called?
When is a polo shirt appropriate?
Is love at first sight real?
When is it ever acceptable to throw food at someone?
I’m 22 and about to leave college. What life advice would you give me?
If you where forced to eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be.
RemindMe! 1 year "Are they still together?"
What's your favourite dish?
People from Indiana US, what is the worst part about your state, aside from Gary, Indiana?
How do you get a job with no high school degree /GED and only have had experience at your entrepreneurship business? Is it worth it to go to school/college?
A box is delivered to your home. Upon opening it you find an item you thought you had lost that meant the world to you. What item did you receive and what is its significance? (The item cannot be a living/dead person/pet)
What's your favorite Christmas song?
What is the strangest thing that you have been found by your parents?
People who dine in fancy restaurants two times a week or more, how has it changed your idea of food and dining?
This is random and you love it don't you?
Tell me a story...Fictional or real that you love hearing
What's the saddest thing you've ever witnessed in a hospital?
What is an interesting hobby that's easy to pick up?
Where (or how) do you get your News?
What is a time when a tiny mistake on your part led to massive consequences later, and how was it resolved?
What advice would you give to those who have self-esteem and confidence issues because they've never dated or experienced romance?
What are your recent accomplishments?
[Serious] What did you get out of college?
What's a film you love that never gets mentioned?
How can I finish college?
Do you think so many people would still be in love with the British royals if they had adopted children rather that having biological children?
How to Prevent Numbness in hands While Cycling?
What do you love about online dating?
How did you get a job using only online course certificates and without a college degree?
What was the weirdest experience in a love triangle?
Who is your favorite female travelling companion of Ash Kechum of the Pokémon Anime, and why is she your favorite?
What's a movie you love despite it's flaws?
Has anyone been abroad and tried your own food there ? What did you think?
What was your "poor college kid" survival story?
Those who had to choose between love and your career, and chose your career, how did things end up for you? Did you regret it?
....is it weird that I drool if I laugh too hard...?
What older/classic song does everyone love but you don’t?
What are some sad songs that don't have anything to do with love or heartbreak that will help me prolong my depression?
What would you like to eat in Indian food?
What can I, as an individual adult, do to make the biggest impact possible on turning the tide of climate change?
Former Disney Cast Members, what is the most embarrassing and/or disturbing story you have from your time working there?
If you looked 1 year into the future and saw you were on death row, why do you think you would be there?
What was your worst embarrassing moment ever in the school/college?
What's something you thought you would hate, but actually loved when you tried it?
Why are we entitled to a trial by jury of peers and not by jury of psychologists (or other relevant, trained professional?)
What animal is an asshole, but we still love it?
Therapists (and others that work in related fields) of Reddit, what is a "do" and a "don't" or two for the type of therapy / other mental health - related service you provide that you wish your patients knew right off the bat?
What made you believe true love could overcome anything?
Is romantic love or mature love more long-term and meaningful and why?
Is there a way to find out about police activity in you're area?
Redditors, how did you learn to love and forgive yourself? And what are your go to methods of reassuring yourself it's not all bad?
What’s your favourite unpopular food?
Why is eating horse meat taboo but other pets such as rabbit has no taboo?
What's a food that's absolutely amazing when hot, but disgusting when cold?
Why's getting to illegal business is so addictive , and once you're in you can't get out ?
What was the first meme that made you fall in love with all memes?
Redditors! What's the most weirdest and nasty food combination you have ever tried which actually tasted really good?
Children of same-sex parents: which names do you use?
What are some ways you show your love for someone?
What is something you claim to hate but secretly love it?
Embarrassing question...
People who had/have deaf pets did/is it going/ go for you, also were they born deaf or did they go deaf?
What's your story of unrequited love ?
Would you be okay with your loved ones accessing your social media accounts after you die, why?
What does anal mean to you, personally?
A zombie apocalypse has just started at the very moment your're reading this. What's the first thing you do?
Which suspicious celebrity death smells like "murder" to you? If you also add your theory it would be great!
What is your favourite fast food meal?
During which historical event do you wish reddit was already available and why?
Fellow retail, fast food, and other minimum wage workers, what happens at your job that should be illegal, compensated for, or otherwise have laws associated with them?
Wives of Reddit, what does your husband do that makes you feel consistently loved?
Art lovers of reddit,what is your favourite piece of art and why?
Literally every retail store and fast food restaurant in my town is hiring. Every one. So why aren't wages going up?
Gamers of Reddit. What is a game you have trouble playing because of a death of a loved one?
What's the most simple present that you've seen a kid love and that's surprisingly kept them entertained over their 'better' presents?
What high paying job did you take only to realize the pay was NOT worth it?
What was the most disturbing thing you've seen a kid do at a fast food playground?
What food did you hate as a child but now don't mind?
How can I find a girlfriend if the only places I attend are school and programming lessons?
When did you give up on religion?
Do pretty girls have an easy time finding a good boyfriend? Why or why not?
Current and former fast food workers, what “Frankenstein” food did you make for yourself to eat that wasn’t on menu?
What are your favourite true creepy AskReddit threads?
What were some times you said you were "asking for a friend," but really weren't?
Koreans of reddit how annoying is it when girls who are obsessed with Kpop come up to you
University and college dropouts, how did you get your life back in order?
What are some of the best hobbies a college student can pick up?
I would love to trade my gf pics on snapchat anyone Intrested add me on snapchat - r_khanna6005
What is a food/snack that you regret looking at the ingredients?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is the most underrated comfort food in your country?
How has been the last five years of your life?
Liberal Arts Majors of Reddit, how many of you worked as a Coffee Shop Barista after college?
What is the most painless way to commit suicide?
Gamers, what's a level you despise in a game you love replaying?
whats something you did that you regret?
Who were your retail/food work’s regulars?
In Endgame, when Clint and Natasha are at Vormir, neither of them MAKE a sacrifice. They just compete to jump off. The condition for the soul stone is ‘to sacrifice someone you love’, not to ‘lose someone you love’. Shouldn’t Clint have sacrificed her for this to work instead of her letting go?
kitchen workers and servers of reddit: what food items should you NEVER order?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone you loved later to find out they were a family member?
Which animals make great pets that most people don't think of?
Reddit, do you believe that love is a feeling/emotion or a choice that you make?
What's a dark humored joke about cancer that made you, or someone you loved, laugh?
Father will only accept being atheist if can beat him at Fencing. He was fencing captain in college. How does one proceed?
What is something that has happened to you but nobody believes it?
People who got caught having sex in public. Where were you ? What were your reaction ? And the person who caught you ?
What has been your favourite experience?
Is there a name for the gap between the skin and the fabric between the hip bone and stomach when a thin woman wears low cut bikini bottoms? If not, should there be one and what should we call them? I quite like these gaps. One day I’d like to say to a pretty sunbathing lady: “You have lovely......”
What is some weird combination of food that you love?
I'm on my way to my first ever job interview what kid of questions are they going to ask me? (It's a fast food place)
Have you found love where it wasn’t supposed to be?
Which of these is the best cat name?
You have one day to live. What do you do in your last 24 hours?
How do I know I’m going to college for the right thing for me?
How do you deal with society?
What is something you once hated but now love?
If you are socially awkward, what is the best way to confess to love to a guy/girl?
What food do you hate the smell of but love the taste?
Fast food employees, What do you do to make your job more intresting?
How does it feel to genuinely love or care? What should manifest physically or behaviourally?
Redditors who used to love a food, and now hate it, what’s your story?
What do you eat for breakfast when you're sick?
People that check bags at airports and trains (what are you guys called), what was the weirdest/creepiest/odd thing(s) you saw in someone's bag?
What is Love ? What would you do if you don’t get love in return for love ? Would you continue to love them or not ?
What's the percentage of authenticity of the food served at Olive Garden?
What is a pet peeve you have about food?
To my fellow EX-MUSLIM friends! Did you come out to your parents yet? If yes what happend? I'm still acting like a believer and it sucks... (sry for bad English)
Whats one fact you always say "I'll look up the answer another time" but never do?
Hey guys! What are your tips for a college girl wanting to make some easy money?
What’s your best food memory?
What's the scariest story you have been told?
Fast Food Workers of reddit what is the worst thing you have Done/seen done to someone’s food
Redditors who are still in love with your exes but still talk/see them regularly, what is it like for you?
What are you sure people complain about you behind your back?
What do gangsters, college professors, nihilists, and your mom have in common?
To my fellow divorcees do you still care/love your ex-wife?
Fast food workers of reddit, what fast food items SHOULD you order, or what items do you recommend?
Why noone loves the sandals with socks?
If Hitler time traveled to 2019 Germany, how would he react?
Redditors, you have been cursed and are now only allowed to use a single sentence unlimitedly for the rest of your life, what is that sentence?
What is the entire plot of halo 5?
Non Americans of Reddit, what’s something America gets completely wrong about your culture(any aspect, religion, tradition, food, etc.)
What is something you were convinced your whole life you hated but actually loved, food wise (Mine is Sushi)?
What food combination sounds gross but you actually love?
What is a way that you eat an everyday type of food that you are too embarrassed to eat that way around people.
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
When is it too soon to exchange first "I love yous" in a new relationship?
What is a product that is all but invisible to most people but is critical to daily life.
We say it’s not right because it hurt others. It is not okay to rape and murder because you are hurting someone. However, people who do these things do it to be happy. So, you are harming them by not allowing it. Why is it okay to take their happiness away, but not okay for them to take others.
What’s a food you hated as a child but now love?
Help me redditor i’m looking for a song i heard few years ago, it about a man singing about a woman that is the first one to love him, to trust and be kind to him. That all i can remember and I really want to listen to that song again, hope you guys can help me
When was someone so blatantly stupid, that you had to try to not laugh?
What kind of meals/foods do you eat using only your hands?
What if one day someone you love asks, why only me?
[SERIOUS] What is your “love when you least expect it” story?
What food could you live off of forever?
How would you feel about introducing some sexy belching into your love making sessions and why?
to redditors who said 'i love you' in the first month and made it to years later with their s/o, what's the biggest piece of advice for others trying to make things work early on in a relationship?
Guys, can you tell me how can we be so sure that we are lactose intolerant?
what is your favorite junk food?
Redditors who are/have been pregnant, what is the weirdest food combo you have craved?
what is one food or drink that you wish came back from the dead?
You’re going into solitary confinement for 30 days. You don’t get anything entertaining, and you can’t communicate with the outside world, but you can learn whatever skill or work on any project. What do you do?
What is your favorite food to eat, but wouldn’t ever eat in public?
How much time do you spend questioning or overthinking your food choices?
What food do you think is the most complicated to make?
What was the moment you knew that she was a keeper?
To people who speak 2 languages or more. When you think to yourself, do you think in one of language or in all of them?
Writers of Reddit what would you recommend to a new writer who's bout 13-17?
How do you help a friend out that you like when there parents are going through a divorce?
What album do you love but are ashamed to admit you do?
What character did you start or hating, but grew to love?
What is one food that you used to hate but now love (or vice versa)?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What chemicals or nutrients are found in foods that will help prevent heart disease?
What is something about an ex that you loved while you were together and now absolutely can’t stand?
Why is my Fallout Shelter game crashing every time I start my game now?
What’s a weird food combination you love?
what is the most painful way to tel your gf that you love her?
What action(s) immediately let you know a person is a college student?
Why do parents and kids prefer the cheap tacky Barbies of the Fashionista line over the classy Barbies that are shown on the barbiestyle Instagram?
What games you used to love, but now hate? Why?
Redditors who took the “The worst they can say is ‘No’,” advice and told your crush your feelings for them, how did it pan out?
Airbnb hosts. What’s the weirdest thing someone has left behind?
You have 3 day to left to live what would you do?
Comrades of Reddit, how did you catch a co worker/schoolmate eating your food?
What is one thing that is real in movies that you wish was real irl? Like mine would be the food in spy kids that gives you basically anything you want instantly
Best subway sandwich combination?
Fast food employees, what is the most bizarre order you have ever received?
What movie made you fall in love with rseeing?
Were trying to reduce plastic waste but food companys still fill their packaging with at least 70%air, all of which is un-needed waste. How we gonna stop them?
What’s the weirdest way you’ve ever seen someone sleep?
If you were opening a restaurant serving the food of your choice, what would you name the restaurant?
What is the best advice for an incoming college freshman?
How common are women who absolutely genuinely love and enjoy sex?
what are some things girls do during sex that guys absolutely love?
What is your favorite food?
When you eat hot food do you suffer through it or do you hashafafghgh?
What is a masterpiece that you just could not enjoy?
What food(s) do you consume on a weekly basis?
Dear redditors , should i ask a grieving friend to send me a picture of their passd loved one?
What do you lack the motivation to do?
What was your school's rules for Four Square?
Men who prefer to pee in the toilet bowl even if there's a vacant urinal, why?
Spend money on a college education or take that money and invest in a business. What would you do?
How do I make a good question that people like and want to answer?
What's the strangest thing you know about a food?
Like a heavy metal guy listening to Britney spears or Ariana grande, what is your guilty pleasure song/songs? That song you listen to all alone that you don't want your friends to know you like it because it doesn't match the type of music your friend group listens to but you secretly love?
You are awarded 10 million USD if you murder a family member you hold dear, pets included and there are no legal consequences, who do you choose and why?
Fast food workers, what are some fast food hacks?
If a person starts smoking weed at 14 and they do it casually and sometimes daily how thats going to affect then when they grow up
What would you like to tell a 19 year old college dropout?
What is your biggest pet peeve at the moment? For me it’s picky eaters who tear apart their food who you can’t take anywhere because they just complain.
If somone you love was killed, and someone created a perfect clone of them right down to the atomic level, would you still love them just as much?
When you're in a relationship, do you ever hope that it will end someday because it's unacceptable to think that you've had your last first kiss?
[Serious] People who love their job, how did you discover what it is you wanted to do, and how did you find your position?
What are your favorite foods you can eat from a can?
You have two buttons, one that does nothing, and one that will transfer $250,000,000 into your bank tax free, no questions asked. Only issue is, a result of hitting that button will make one random continent (other than yours) flood and kill everyone. Do you do it? Why or why not?
The kids of today don’t leave home without their cell phones. When you were growing up what could you not leave home without?
Just had edibles for the first time, I had a bad trip. People who do/done psychedelics, what was the worst trip you've ever had?
Users of Reddit, what’s something you love to do that’s bad for you?
What are your thoughts on pre chewing your dogs food?
What are you getting the father's in your life for Father's day?
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have a good hearty ass eating session with and why?
Owners of (once) mistreated pets, what word(s) or action(s) make the animal scared or skittish? (Serious)
Ladies of Reddit , what's the one romantic fantasy that's actually happened to you ?
What Are Some weird things youre pets do?
If you had to sleep on a bed made of food, what food what you choose?
How can I learn how to solve problems related to math, programming and science in general?
Does government welfare act as a lifeline for those struggling in society or does it promote generational unemployment supported by taxpayers?
What is the weirdest or most specific pet peeve you have ever seen?
You get to have sex with one of the Muppets, which do you choose?
You are transformed into whatever food you last ate and thrown into the wild. How do you survive?
If you had to write your life in one hashtag, what would the hashtag be?
Why everyone is so mean to eachother?
What is the happiest thing you have seen?
Teachers what do you think of the numbers grading system (1-9) compared to the letter system (a-f) which do you think is better?
Sports Players of Reddit, What is the strangest thing that happened in a game?
How did you fall in love with your current obsession?
What bizzare food you ate and actually liked it?
What’s the smoothest way to start a conversation with someone you want to date without making yourself look like a weirdo?
What’s that one food that you like, but most people probably haven’t tried?
College graduates of Reddit, what's the number one dorm room life hacks you used in college?
To anyone who's grieved a loved one, how did you get through it?
What's the best pet for a lonely college student? (Considering apartment rules)
I love tattoos have 2! But I have no pain tolerance how or what can I do to endure the pain?
Why do people get birthmarks?
Dear Redditors, is romantic love really enough?
What’s the most beautiful place you have ever seen?
Ex-Retail Workers and Ex-Fastfood employees whats the dumbest thing you have seen someone get fired for or you have got fired for?
Redditors who thought they’d be forever alone whilst in their 20s - how has life changed for you a few years on?
What’s your personal mini-ritual before you go to bed?
Unpopular opinions?
What food tastes better than it used to?
What does everyone love that just rubs you the wrong way?
redditors who have inadvertently gotten their pets high on some drug, what was your pets' reaction?
What is the biggest help you received from a stranger?
What ended up happening to the “popular kid” at your high school/college?
(serious) what made you realize the person you loved was not good for you?
What's your "go to" movie or album when you just need some noise in the background?
Fresh out of college, what is the first thing I should do?
You are now in control of all mobile game ads. What's the first thing you'll do?
What is 'your song'?
What is a new food item you would like to see at McDonald's?
What is the proper etiquette after touching all of the plastic lids at the fast food restaurant before finding the right size? (I.e do you leave them, throw them away, etc.)
What’s something your mildly proud of in your appearance
College graduates of Reddit, was college/university what you thought it would be and do you regret going?
What’s all this talk of the backrooms and no clip reality?
Do you genuinely love what you do?
How do you guys deal with drama? When its' mostly directed towards you?
Who is a solo artist you just found and love?
What's the ultimate weapon to surpass metal gear?
I love The Office and Brooklyn Nine-Nine, what other shows should I try?
In America, toddlers tend be “picky” eaters and stick to a short list of food choices. These choices seem to be pretty standard across the country; for example: chicken nuggets, pizza, hamburgers. Is this the case in other countries and if so, what are the common foods?
What is love?
Redditors, how do you react when you find a piece of hair in food you paid for?
Gamers of Reddit what game has your unconditional love, and why?
People who've lost loved ones: what part of grieving had you not expected?
Why do Vegans like to make their food look and taste like meat?
What food combinations are strange, but work?
Moral dilemma here. Cats and dogs are put down every day. What if instead of then being put down people who owned larger reptiles were able to get them before they get put down and use them as food. Thoughts reddit?
Divorced mom needing help/advice
People of reddit, how much do you love your Grandparents?
Repeat pet owners of reddit, my parents have been reluctant to take care of a new dog since our old girl passed away. We were and still are saddened by her death but loved her to bits. Is there anything I should say or do to get my parents to adopt a new pup?
Hey reddit book-lovers, what do you think of 'The Einstein Enigma: A Novel' (José Rodrigues dos Santos)? And do you have any suggestions for books of the same kind?
A guy at work religiously only eats food he prepares himself, and he has given himself food poisoning three times in six months; what would be a kind way to let him know that the team does NOT want him to bring a dish to the work potluck?
What talent would you love to have?
What's something you did not learn/realise about sex until after you'd started having it?
What did you learn after graduating that you wish you knew in college?
Fast food workers, what was the worst meal that someone ordered?
What foods looks disgusting but tastes good?
What's your take on adopting pets from far away rather than from local shelters?
What is something you loved doing as a kid but hate doing now?
Why do you think you're still in love with your ex after being broken up for so long?
Fast food workers of Reddit: what’s the strangest thing you’ve seen from your vantage point, peering into peoples’ cars?
What’s the weirdest/creepiest thing a sibling or friend did in childhood?
Couples of Reddit, what were you doing and what made you say "I love you" to your partner for the first time?
What is the most stupid or weirdest reason you had to go to the ER for?
(Serious) How did you lost your loved ones/relatives and how did you cope with it?
Does anyone with experience with the OnePlus 6T in the US know for sure that it works on the Verizon network?
What got you through college?
Workers in food multinationals, what is the grossest thing you have seen or you had to do it?
What do you call the breakfast food that contains gravy and biscuits? “Gravy and Biscuits”, “Biscuits and Gravy”, or something totally different?
Why is love the best feeling in the world?
If sperm is life should we count our age from the time we were sperm? Are we as old as our fathers?
If you had a premonition that everyone in the country you are in right now would die on July 1st, how would you go about convincing people to evacuate without sounding like a crazy person?
What is something your partner loves that you hate?
Reddit, what’s the worst case of FOMO you’ve seen?
what is the most savage thing the quiet kid has ever said ?
What's the best r/murderedbywords moment you've witnessed/been in
Best glove brand for skill positions in American Football?
We all love our pets, but what has been the biggest "you little brat" thing your pet has done?
You wake one day to find all your loved ones have turned into penguins. Why?
Are there any couples that have been together for 20+ years and still passionately in love with each other?
Is it legal in the US to sell packaged food without a nutrition label?
People with illegal or unethical fetishes - what is it and what do you do about it?
What is your favorite comfort food?
What's something that was hated by most when it was new but now everyone seems to love it?
What is the most money you ever won in a bet?
What’s something you really love and you’re surprised when you find out someone else hates it?
Now that you’re a so-called ‘adult’ and have left school, what food item from your high school’s cafeteria do you dearly miss?
How difficult would it be to (for humans) to eradicate all life on Earth?
If famous movies had clickbait titles, what would they be?
What is everyone’s ‘go to sub Reddit’ on here?
What size tip do you give on food delivery orders?
What fast food restaurant do you prefer?
What is your favourite word and why?
What CRINGEY FASHION TRENDS you followed as a kid? r/AskReddit
Managers of reddit, what are some advantages that could help someone who now is going to college?
Why some girls fell in love with married man?
First Responders of Reddit... What does it feel like to drive to a call with lights and sirens going on your way to save lives or put out a fire?
Why doesn’t anyone love me?
Stoners of Reddit, what is your go-to stoner foods to recommend for other pot heads?
What college food is great and cheap?
what do prison inmates use for anal lubricant?
If you could time travel to one concert of your choice, which would it be and why?
What fetish would you least want your family to find out you have?
Whats something you want to say to someone you love, but dont have the balls to do it yet?
What thing do/did you genuinely love that is no longer appreciated due to it becoming a meme?
Who absolutely loves their car ? Please include made and model.
Why can I be absolutely stuffed with food but always have room for desert?
Parents of reddit who found their kids reddit accounts, how was it?
Redditors, what did you learn today that is worth sharing?
What is the worst most painful way someone has commited a suicide?
Are there instances of people cheating on their SO even though they're truly inlove? I feel like if you cheat, you aren't inlove.
What is a food you dislike a lot (and why) but it's the favorite food for a lot of people for some reason?
What made you fall in love with your SO?
People who were blindfold by love and didn't know they were in a toxic relationship, how did you realise your partners were no good for you? How did you ended it?
Sportspeople of Reddit, what is the funnest game you’ve played at training that still had athletic or cardiovascular benefit?
What is your food dip of choice?
I love you. Can you tell me something you love? Also, please can you tell someone that you care about that you love them?
What would be the last thing you could say to a deceased loved one if you knew they were going to die?
[Serious] Redditor’s who wanted/ tried to commit murder-suicide, what made you want to do it?
Fact Or Fiction. You do not use a watch to look at the time.
What social norm do you refuse to conform to?
Fast food/retail workers of Reddit what's craziest customer you've had?
Are all of your base belong to me? Why not?
It’s 40 years in the future, you have been asked to be a professor at a top college. You are given the choice to teach any subject from the early 21st century (memes, kpop, esports, etc) what would you teach and why?
Which is worse, being really tall or being really short?
How common is it for someone to love a new partner but be too scared to say it?
If someone make all of his food consist of juice will he never have to poop?
[Serious] Females who have been Tackled playfully in bed, what's your excuse?
What is a thing that you absolutely hate love love seeing
Reddit, when you walk in with food and someone (that you don't know) says "where's mine", how do you reply?
If you had to rank your love/priority between your siblings, kids, parents and spouse, where would each relationship stand?
What is your fond memory of school/college?
Were you able to get a job that aligned with your college major? If not, what did you end up doing?
If you've had dermographic urticaria (aka "skin-writing"), how have you dealt with it or how did you "cure" it?
What combination of foods sounds gross, but is actually really tasty?
What happened to the Youtuber/ Truther 3CreepyTV?
What’s one really stupid thing you’ve done because of love? Was it worth it?
Why don’t people sink heavy tanks on the sea floor and live down there with a hydrogen power plant and an all you can eat seafood buffet?
At what age did you begin to respect the rejects, and what was your reason?
What's the most evil act of passive aggression have you witnessed?
People who played youth/semi pro sports with current professional sportsman, what was different about them?
Chinese people of Reddit, what's the worst or dumbest Chinese tattoo you've seen on a tourist?
Hot food lovers of reddit, what are some simple foods that you can pair with hot sauce?
What’s the cheesiest reply to “I love you” that you can think of?
Why is the heart associated with love?
[SERIUOS] How to forget someone who messed up my life but i loved them so much that i can't forget them even after a year had past
What discontinued items/food do you miss the most?
People of Reddit, what if humans weren't brought up and told to love one another?
What weird thing has always turned you on??
What food(s) would be the most annoying if it was individually wrapped?
Besides anything plus rice, what are two foods that unexpectedly taste good together?
Can you describe an action/thriller movie where the couples love story is a good and convincing and where the female character doesn't die?
What is something you hate when you are young but enjoy as an adult?
How to know if you're in love?
What is your “I love this food so much a could eat it all” food?
whats your favorite body part of a woman?
As a child/teenager, we are all ready to grow up and become an adult. At what point after becoming an adult did adulthood scare the hell out of you?
how fast or slow did you realize that you were falling in love?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
Parents of reddit, what have you yelled at your kids of doing that you’ve done in your childhood?
Vegans of Reddit, why do you love animals so much when they would kill you if they had the chance?
[Serious] What is the saddest thing that can happen to someone?
What is a fast food favorite that you cannot replicate at home?
What is the most meaningless sentence you can think of?
What pisses you off the most?
Who's someone everyone forgets is dead?
When you wiggle your ears do you hear anything?
Teachers, what is the craziest story you have from student teaching or your first couple years of teaching?
What does one do if they have to take a drug test and smoked marijuana 2 days prior?
What food will you not eat for the stupidest reason?
A priest walks into a bar... and?
Reddit, what are your happy songs?
People who live in vans/buses full-time, what is the reason(s) why you chose to live in a house on wheels?
how to find true love, at least someone you can be yourself with?
In America, we have a candy bar called Milky Way, but in other countries, it is called Mars bar. What are other types of foods/objects that have a different name in America (or your country) than the rest of the world?
Would it be selfish to save your own life before that of a loved one?
What are food that only mentally unstable people would dislike?
How can one sell out to get gilded by you?
What’s your most interesting “fast food” story?
What is your forbidden/secret love story?
College students of reddit who were confused about the path they wanted to follow after high school. How did you finally make up your mind and settled with a field and what appealed to you most about your field of study?
If you hacked into every radio and television on earth for 10 seconds, what would you say to everyone?
I'm an 18-year-old college dropout thinking of getting back to college so that I can make friends my age. Is there any other place to meet people the same age as me?
What are some things you loved as a child, but now absolutely hates?
What is something from another country you would love to see incorporated/normalized into your own culture?
If someone you love that died were alive today, what would you do differently to show your love?
People of reddit, what is your “reverse pet peeve” something that you love so much it could be considered unhealthy
What is rising of the doge hero?
How do I Make my Husband Feel Special For Fathers Day?
Why do Americans waste so much food?
What happens in your country regularly that people in other countries would find strange or bizarre?
So i’m 24m, and i have a 5 year old boy whom i love to death, but his mother and i did not work out, so because of court order i only get to see him every other WEEKEND. That’s 4 days a month. How can i increase the impact of our little time spent together ?
What is one song that everyone should listen to at least once?
When is the least appropriate time to tell someone that you love them?
What’s your best story about your worst boss?
A wizard agrees to give you one power, what is it?
Are there any foods you eat with a certain ritual?
People who have reached hot or front page of this subreddit, which question did you repost?
What food ingredient takes time getting used to?
What is something everybody loves, but you hate?
What is your least favorite texture (it can be anything from fabric to food textures)
Why did you hate/love that one teacher in school?
People who grew up to be unhappy as adults/peaked early in life (like in high school or college): where did it all go wrong?
"[Serious]" Doctors of reddit that had to break the news to the family members/loved ones of a patient that passed away. How did you do it and how did they react? Were there any crazy out of control reactions?
What is your “I love this food so much a could eat it all” food?
Gamers of Reddit: What is the one most beloved character in videos games in your opinion?
Reddit Cheerleaders, is it true that you have sex with athletes?
What takes the cake for the absolute weirdest thing you’ve come across on the Internet?
[Serious] What character trait can you love and hate at the same time? And why?
Why people loves roses more than others flowers ?
Hey Reddit, what are the little (or big) things you love about your SO?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen on a friend or relative's phone?
What piece of information that you learned ruined something you once loved?
What is the most effective way to commit suicide?
How is life after college?
Have you ever fallen out of love with someone while you were still in a relationship with them?
How is the New York Times able to run a story on a top secret military operation without legal repercussions?
What are some good conversation starters?
What’s a food unique to your hometown/your hometown is known for?
If adult you had to raise child you, how would the child have turned out?
How do you respond when your friend or loved one approaches you revealing that they've recently self-harmed? What if they're already getting professional help for it?
What is the trashiest thing you have seen somebody do at a house of worship?
Why do people listen to sad music if it makes them sad?
With how hard it is for people to find jobs after college, do you think we will see an influx of people getting certifications instead(plumbers, electricians, pilots, ect)
Redditors who had to develop a liking for your college course, how did you do it?
Hey Reddit, who has the best fast food fries?
What do you think about your friends? Do internet friends count as real friends?
Why does reddit love Keanu Reeves so much?
What food combo do you not understand that everyone else seems to enjoy and vise versa?
How do you create opportunity and create value when basic jobs don't even cover rent/food/transit or education by itself even if full-time ?
What the weirdest dream you've ever had?
What is your family voodoo food? When I was younger my mum told me you shouldn't eat the part of cucumbers without seeds (the ends) and my friends mum told her jacket pot skins were poisonous
Reddit, what makes you feel insecure?
What is the most disgusting food you have eaten?
If you could see 1 photo/video from a date before cameras were invented, when and what would it be and why?
Which food disappointed you the most the first time you tried it?
What's your most memorable freshman experience in college?
People who make Greek Desserts and food.
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
Does anyone else love the smell of pussy?
You get 1¢ for every calories in food you eat,but only for 24 hours. What would you eat to earn most money?
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have a crazy big butt stuff session with and why?
If you could work in any fast food chain which would it be and why?
What was your worst habit, and how were you able to overcome it?
Can you name a movie without the component love in it?
What’s something you loved until you saw someone else doing/eating/etc it?
[SERIOUS] What experience made you believe in the paranormal?
[Serious] Is it true company's will overlook students who have a community college education over someone with a prestigious college education?
What is a fictional character you enjoy and love watching, but if was real and a part of your life you’d most likely hate?
How do you know you love someone?
What is the expensivest food you have ever eaten?
Why do people fall in love?
What is a weird but good food combination?
Campfire lovers of Reddit, what interesting versions of "smoke follows beauty" have you heard?
What’s your favorite fiction book that you’ve read and why?
If you connected with a long-lost blood relative for the first time, what would be the first thing you would want them to know?
Cops of Reddit who work in University/college towns, what are your craziest stories of students' shenanigans?
Redditors who love life... Wtf? Why?
How do you feel about /r/RealsCatGirls and why?
What is a guilty pleasure food that you enjoy on occasion, that would make you embarrassed if people close to you found out that you eat it?
What is a movie you love but everyone else seems to hate?
What is a super power that seems useful but has major flaws.
[Serious] People who were former extremists, what finally got you to see the light?
People who work at food places where you can order online and the customer comes to pick it up where the website asks about tip, do you do anything extra for their food in a tip vs no tip basis?
Deepeleep and/or lucid dreaming
Is it easier to hate or love? Why?
Do you have to know someone before falling in love with them? Or do you believe you don’t have to? Even like love at first sight. Or maybe you start seeing someone differently? Or it just happens.
How do you know that you've fallen in love for the first time?
Anyone who developed a crush/fell in love with someone you met while traveling, what happened?
What stories do you have about giving up hope on finding love, but then suddenly it found you? (Serious)
Why does blonde guilt exist (the phenomenon of blonde, blue-eyed women feeling like their existence oppresses non-white women)?
How- after the pain, betrayal and heartbreak we all go through- do you continue to love and have hope?
What was the story that made you realize that your parents were good/bad?
If you had to pick 1 food to live off of four the rest of your life, what would you pick?
Dear people of reddit, what is your thoughts on vegan cat food?
What is a type of food that most people in your country eat, but you don't and why?
[SERIOUS] What is an experience you had that has you convinced that ghost are real?
What is the most effective way to convince someone to do something?
To all living things: If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Hej guys, I have a question, is it OK if me as an ateist/buddhist is in relationship with strict christian girl, I love her but I am afraid if I am not nice enough for her.. She is the nicest person I've ever met. So please help me, what should I do?
If you won a trip to mars, assuming food will be provided. What are the 3 belongings that you bring?
What do pets feel when their owners die?
How much of an impact are we having on climate? The poles have melted before, would this not be the same? How accurate is our orbit around the sun?
People of Reddit, what’s your opinion on whether Aliens exist? (Personally I don’t believe they do, but would love to hear some feedback from others.)
Are you up for it or down for it? And what is it?
Gamers of reddit, Did you cry when a beloved console died?
What TV show love interest made the least sense / lacked the chemistry?
You have to eat as much food by weight as you physically can, what food are you taking?
People who are done or have finished school/college. How is life, is it easier after school/ college or is it harder and if it's easier of harder. Why?
When did you discover your fetish?
Dog lovers of Reddit, what is your favorite dog breed? And why?
People of Reddit who saved your loved ones in a religious cult, how did you do it?
[ladies] you've found the love of your life, your ultimate soulmate. you're certain you want to marry him and spend the rest of your life with him. his last name is your first name. what do you do?
If you went to university/college, how did you spend your time during the summer before you started?
People who work in cinemas, do you actually care if we bring our own candy?
If you love Subreddits, what is your favorite Subreddit community you visited?
Which songs remind you of someone you love?
How did shortsighted people live before the invention of glasses?
Programmers of reddit, what is your goto programming language?
Teachers of Reddit, who was your favorite student?
People who were depressed are were close to someone who was depressed, how should I help a friend with depression?
What’s your weird but delicious food combination?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the craziest customer you’ve had to deal with? What did they do?
Why do men like to spit? If you disgust your drool and you constantly spit on the street, then how do you eat food? When eating saliva is released much more. Do not you dislike to swallow it?
What drink or food do you love but almost never get a chance to eat?
We all know the right answer
gay people of reddit, what is the most inappropriate thing someone has ever told you?
What do you have a love hate relationship with?
Reddit, what are some unexpected things that your pets can or can't eat.
Why does DJ Khaled always say "Congratulations, you played with yourself"?
What is the biggest mistake you've made?
You're going to surprise a loved one on the other side of the world but your flight doesn't have WiFi, so they might suspect something. What's your best 16 hour lie?
What foods smell better than they taste?
What is your heart-wrenching story of a genuinely nice guy finishing last?
Fallout fans of Reddit, what would your real life S.P.E.C.I.A.L stats?
What do you think about a 33-yearold going to a college speeddating event even though he's too old for most of the girls?
(Hetero) Women of Reddit: What are your views on men's bodies? Men love women's bodies: we want to touch them, kiss them, caress them, lick them...and of course make love to them; do women feel the same about men's bodies? Are they a subject of desire in and of themselves?
You, the inventor of "walkie talkies" and "flip flops," are asked to rebrand the other products of the world. What names do you come up with?
What are some legal ways someone could make $2k in a few months?
What was your best roommate experience?
People who have visited Canada. What was the nicest thing that happened to you while you were visiting?
What’s the most beautiful love story you’ve ever witnessed/heard of?
Neighbor poor, have no goat. Need college, get job. Neighbor borrow three goat, pay college, get job. Job pay one goat. Neighbor ask government two goat. Is fair, no?
What’s the most important thing you’ve forgotten before?
Doctors/nurses of Reddit: what does it feel like to work at the place where you'll probably die?
What frozen food is so good that you would consider murder if it was discontinued?
When was the last time you lost your shit in public? What happened?
People with a loved one in jail for violent crimes and/or sexual assault, how have your feelings toward that person been affected?
Is romantic love essential to a fullfilling life?
What video game are you convinced you will love but can't seem to get into?
What was the most inappropriate thing to come out of your mouth before you caught it and realized?
What's one thing you love doing, but aren't very good at?
Whats your comfort food?
Who loved Trump's new look? Some supporters comparing him to Michael Douglas' Gordon Gekko in the hit film Wall Street?
Ladies what turns u on the most ?
What's your most regrettable google search?
[Serious] Fellow rape victims, how did you survive in the days after?
What's your staple food?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try ?
A kid’s book where a weird guy drank ink? Please help me find this important book from my childhood!
What do Americans do for lunch if they dont make their own? Ive heard nowhere just sells sandwiches, like no pret or sandwich shops anywhere, only fastfood or main meals. How do you live without sandwich shops? I buy a sandwich everyday for lunch. EVERYDAY.
What was your "Im too old for this shit" moment?
How did it feel when you met the love of your life? How did things between you turn out?
Would you rather that all of your food to taste like and have the consistency of scrambled eggs forever or you become incontinent for one year?
Redditors who dormed with an international student in college, how was your experience?
Would you date a girl who didn’t have a college degree? Why or why not?
What's the fanciest way to describe your least favorite food?
Non-drinkers—what do you order?
What is love to you?
Employers of Reddit. What was your all-time best employee like?
What is your most awkward moment that only lasted 5 seconds or less
Redditor’s who were college students that were about to graduate but didn’t, what happened?
What does it feel like to fall in love with a woman, for a gay person?
you now have the power to invent one scientifictly possible tool to benefit mankind. But, you can never use it for yourself. What will you invent?
What foods give you the worst gas?
How do you get children to eat faster?
This is sort of sill, but me and my soon to be wife love lil dicky, any ideas on how to get him to play at our wedding, I just wouldn't know who to contact?
What’s one show/movie you loved at first but now hate?
[Serious] How do you feel about online relationships?
What did you get food poisoning from?
If you were to heat water to 375°f and keep it liquid under enough pressure, could you use it to deep fry food?
What food combination do you love but others think is weird?
Would Reddit be better if Mods supported free speech - or is censorship the way we want it?
What are some hobbies/activities that a recent high school grad can start to enrich their worldview, well-being, college experience, and beyond?
Your pets have suddenly gained the ability to talk. What is the first thing you think they’d say?
Game stores, why aren’t you paying us more for trade-ins?
What is the strangest thing you have seen someone addicted to?
What podcast do you listen right now or this past week? What is it about?
Tell your funniest experience that happened to you related to love
[Serious] People of Reddit, how can a guy get over his self confidence issues?
How are your high school and college bullies doing in life?
What's something that you 100% don't need, but love too much to give up?
Can you tell which episode of Jimmy Neutron this is about? If so, did it scar you too? If so, how badly? And why was it allowed for kids to see?
What things will happen in a kindergarten/day care for child superheroes?
What is the best way to get a flight for pets(2dogs) going from north carolina to germany?
What's the biggest indicator that you are in love?
Chefs, cookers, waiters and delivery drivers of Reddit: how often is our food "interfered with"? Is it done for fun, or in retaliation for a list of offenses?
What makes people fall in love with each other?
When does love turn into hate and hate turn into love?
Quite kids of reddit what happened to cause you to be the "quite kid"?
[serious]American students of Reddit: is the college really so expensive so that you are in high debt after graduation? If so, how do these depts influence your life and how do you deal with it?
What are some good ride share apps or related apps that people may not know about?
Book lovers of Reddit, name a book which kept you glued till the last page &amp; swayed you away from your reality.
What is the best way to hide pornography?
With what food are you currently obsessed with?
Whose ass would you love suck the farts out of and why?
How do people find love of their life in school? I am here after 13 iterations, back to square one. For the first time in 4 years I thought I found someone who would stick but it was not true. What is duck is wrong?
Is going to a strip club cheating ?
Pinoys of Reddit, how do you feel about this year’s senatorial election results?
How different would you look like if you were the one you really want to be?
What is your favorite inspirational quote?
Redditors who got rich ‘overnight’ or very quickly, how did you react/ what did you do with the money?
A god descends from the sky and grants you a single wish.. What do you choose?
Reptile owners, do your pets have individual “personalities”?
What is the worst thing you have done in school?
Football/soccer fans of reddit, without bashing other's favorites, what's your favorite team and why?
What's a minor inconvenience that caused you to miss something major?
How do you completely prevent any website from opening new tabs in chrome (without extensions)?
If our pets had their own form of Tinder for hook ups or play dates, what would they include in their bios to find a match?
What is your “I love this. Screw my health” food?
What are these strange sounds?
What was a time you did something that you instantly regretted?
What food do you refuse to eat no matter the circumstance?
If some form of sentient junk food (lets say hot dogs for example) were to take over the earth, how would life change, and to what extent?
Parents with kids in college, do you demand to see their grades or does that rule change after high school?
Have you ever felt like you're forgetting something and suddenly you really star panicking “I had homework to do! /There was an important project! /I have not been attending to one of my classes!” just to realize, there is no homework or project, you don’t have that class or it doesn’t even exist?
Finish the sentence: "I like my women like i like my food, ____________ "?
What's the weirdest/funny thing your pets do?
You are passing out of college and you still happen to have lots of backpapers left which you will have to spend 1 more year studying this sh*t before you do a full time job. What would you do to spend this 1 year at home other than studying?
Food scientists of Reddit, what is something most people don’t know about packaged/processed food products?
What was your favorite subject in high school and/or college? Why was it your favorite subject? What do you do as a career, do you enjoy it, and do you excel in your career?
people who have worked or is working in a fast food restaurant, what is the best/worst encounter you had with a customer?
[Serious] Surgeons of Reddit, if you have had a patient pass during a procedure. How did telling their loved ones go?
what are some weird food combos u lovee?
Reddit, what is something you’ve done to disappoint yourself?
Introverts, how did you find your girlfriend or boyfriend?
People of Reddit what is something your pet isn’t afraid of, but other pets are.
With Youtube becoming more and more disappointing these day, what’s a good place to find consistent entertaining content? Apart from you lovely people of reddit of course.
Non-Americans, What was an American dish (restaurant) that you loved and wished you could bring home?
What is the weirdest food combination you have tried and was it good?
Thinking about our fathers today, what food do you associate with your dad?
What would you actually wish from the genie?
What's your favorite webtoon/manhwa/manga? And what do you love about it?
What fast food should I have for dinner (it’s cheat day go wild)
Straight guys, have you ever let another guy suck you off? Would you?
What food looks disgusting , but tastes really good?
What is the best thing you love about being bilingual?
What’s the most stupid reason a guy told you why he couldn’t use a condom?
Fanboys/fangirls of reddit, what potholes or errors in your loved franchise are frustrating you?
[Serious] What are your best food “hacks” to make things taste better?
Was there a time that you realized that you dodged something horrible, only long after the event occurred?
What story is NOT a better love story than Twilight?
How to clean odor absorbing gel from carpets??
People who have witnessed kidnapping, how would you feel about people in their 70s having to retake their driving test? And while I have you here, what is something you also genuinely don’t understand?
What is something you loved for a long time, fell out of love with, then came back to a long time later? Why?
Women of Reddit. We all know men have unspoken bathroom rules. What are some unspoken Women bathroom rules?
What condiments/ other food do you put with certain foods that no one else does and would be considered strange?
What's the most cutest thing that your girlfriend or loved one did for you?
What's some of the weirdest modified meals you've had to make in fast food?
Who is an artist/performer/band whose work you love but can’t stand them personally?
Why do you think people nowadays give up on relationships and love too soon?
Which Disney princess is superior and why?
What are some advice to make college a little less scary?
What fictional foods/drinks from movies do you wish existed in real life?
Dear reddit, what is a food that you like that most people wouldn't?
Who do you play Mario Kart as?
How do you fix things when you made a giant mistake that hurts someone you love?
What cross franchise battle you would love to watch?
Why is Keanu Reeves is so loveable and admired?
Can a McDonalds fast food cashier pocket money if the customer says keep the change? Or does it get counted by a supervisor and put with the days earnings?
What is your favorite memory of a beloved pet?
Where did the outrageous values of professional sport contracts begin and will the growing trends ever end?
Which food doesn’t get improved by adding cheese?
When did you realize that someone was in love with you?
Metalheads of Reddit: What made you fall in love with this music? What is one thing you love about the metal community, and one thing you would change?
What would you do if you had to choose between never eating your favorite foods again or never drinking alcohol again?
Whats the worst food you’ve ever tried?
What food combination should NOT exist?
How did you find happiness after your younger years / college?
What are some examples things people do daily completing multiple tasks at once? ex. Brush my teeth while I’m showering
Feels like crowd talking inside my head Today ?
What's the funniest story you have from school/ college/ uni?
What fast food restaurant do you work at?
Foodie of Reddit, what food sounds delicious when you first heard about it but disappointing when you taste it?
Why do some people feel reluctant to give out their twitter to friends?
Not complaining and not saying I don't love the content, but how long is r/freefolk going to continue to rip season 8 and D&amp;D apart for?
Americans, how would your life be different if you didn't have to worry about healthcare, college (debt), and you were paid a living wage?
What was your worst loss on head and tails??
What is it no longer socially acceptable to do once you’re out of college?
What's the worst injury you've ever suffered in the kitchen while preparing food?
Who do you love the most in your life right now?
What hobby or activity would you personally love to invest time in, if only you had the opportunity?
What's a food that is common in restaraunts but rarely made at home?
Fast food employees. What’s the most outrageous thing someone has ordered?
What is your worst fast food experience?
What weird food combination is surprisingly good?
Redditors graduating and going to college, what are some questions you have that you hope that could be answered in this thread?
Employers of Reddit: Would you rather take a multi-millionaire or someone with a college degree in your job’s field?
Why do we still need to take exams on leaving school/college, when IRL we can Google everything?
As an American reading the post about Europeans visiting America and the WTF moments they experienced, the sweetness of our food stood out to me. Even our bread is considered sweet. What are some examples of food that isn’t as sweet that I could try?
(Serious) If someone is mourning the loss of a loved one, what are the exact words, if any, you would say to help comfort them? (If it's in your opinion better to say nothing, please state that instead)
The law is changed and now people are allowed to hunt down and kill any thieves, or people they find in wrongful possession of goods. How many people do you hunt and try to kill, and why or why not?
Have you ever gotten closely connected to somebody/something you met in a dream?
Redditors of reddit, what are the best financial tips you wish you had known in college?
Who is the most evil person in the world?
How did you leave that abusive relationship and how are you doing now?
If you were transported to the Hunger Games right now, what would be your go to weapon and strategy and why?
What is a good stable job a depressed 21 year old with no college?
Am I the only guy that would love to be surprised with flowers?
Your mother is in front of you. Your father is behind you. Both are against a wall and can’t move. You have 1 inch of your penis in your mom and 1 inch of your dads penis in you. Which way do you push?
Scatlovers of Reddit, how did/does The Human Centipede series made/make you feel?
Which food would have the strongest black market if it were outlawed?
Good people of Reddit how did you deal with a loved one who got dementia or Alzheimer’s?
What is the most trivial reason that you've split up with someone you were dating, or vice versa?
Parents of Reddit, Why do you love your child/children? Do you think there should be a particular reason one should love their child?
College dropouts what finally made you give up on college?
What obscure topic do you love learning about?
Why is Chicago’s food considered better than New York’s?
What have you seen that proves that reality is stranger than fiction?
What is a different way to say I love you?
What is the worst bit of cafeteria food that you've ever tried eating?
Alright reddit what is your " Oh my god, i love you " moment with your SO.
What’s something you recognize as pointless but do anyway?
Waiters,what was the most disgusting hing you have seen a customer do with their food?
Why is modern day college education still praised by the majority of society as the best path to individual success?
What is something you loved before but had too much of and hate now?
What additional shortcuts do you imagine or fear fast food chains making in the future in the name of speed of service and convenience?
Why does the internet love Keanu Reeves so much?
Redditors whats the scariest thing you have found in your food
Americans of Reddit, whats the best fast food burger ever?
Why do people love Cheez-Its so much in America?
What Reddit comment you will never forget?
Which is the superior food: Waffles or Pancakes
If people were food, what would you be?
Hey reddit, what is the likelihood of getting shot if you shoot six revolver at you at one. Each revolver is loaded with 1 bullet, but can hold 6.
What food did you never try before because it looked disgusting, but then tried it and absolutely loved it?
What sounded impossible to do in the 20th century but now it's possible due to science?
What would you do if there was no WiFi for 24 hours?
People who have been in a near death experience what was it and did you promise to give something up, ie (addiction, bad habit or something you wouldn't have given up otherwise) did you actually go through with it?
What is one popular TV series that everybody loved that you just couldn't get into?
Where is data stored? Do all the 0s and 1s of programming just float around in the netherrealm or something? Is all of the internet just in the air and invisible with respect to the human eye?
How far is too far for a lifeguard to save a person if someone gets swept in the sea ?
When was the time you realized you lost feelings for your lover?
Why isn’t Chic-fil-a more controversial?
When have you affirmed the statement “love is blind?”
What is a food from another culture that you dislike and cannot understand at all?
Serious: People that were on the edge of suiciding, just so you know we love you. What/who were your motivation not to do it?
A genie will grant you a wish of gifting you the voice of any singer of your choosing. Who’s vocals are you stealing?
Which is the movie that you love but is hated mainstream?
Current Teachers and Students of reddit; what is the school system in your state or country like? What are your school hours and curriculum? [Bellow college and university school system]
You’re offered $100,000 a year for the rest of your life, but every non-human animal you come across until the day you die will try to attack you, even your own pets. Do you accept and why?
What is your favorite subreddit?
Hiring managers of Reddit, how much does where your applicants went to college matter to you during the hiring process?
what if daddy falls in love with you when he uses your pussy?
Partner says 'I don't give oral sex, but I expect it from you. What are they really saying?
HIMYM fans of Reddit, which one of Ted's ex is your favorite and which one is your least favorite, why?
What made you decide that you wanted more than just sex with your SO (whom you initially planned to just hook up with)?
Fast food, or food-related job employees of Reddit, what is/was the weirdest food combination a customer has ordered before?
What did your SO say that made you fall in love?
What’s a common food you ate at a restaurant that was so BAD you couldn’t eat it ever again ?
Church goers of reddit. What's the most fucked up thing you've seen at a sunday mass?
Why do ‏I‏ love ‏m‏y‏ bar‏ely le‏gal‏s?
What is something that many people do just once a week?
What food in your area dosnt the world know about that you can hype up for them so everyone can see it here on Reddit?
What is the book equivalent of reality tv?
Weathermen of Reddit: is it uncommon today (or was it common in the past) weather reports from one Country to include cities from another Country, right at the border between them two (i.e. Portugal/Spain; or Canada/U.S.)? Wouldn’t that be considered a simple act of courtesy between neighbors?
(Serious) How has military service affected you or a loved one?
Today is my first day of college, what tips do you guys have for me?
Do you have something you spent a lot of money on but you don't use it because you spent a lot of money on it, what is it and why?
What food do you dislike that others love?
What did you do to your crush that you regret?
I want to start having one night stands. I am scared of getting attached though. Maybe this shit isn't for me, but still... How do you separate feelings away from sex? And how not to be jealous, knowing that you are not the only one having sex with that person?
[Serious] People of Reddit who lost a parent (or someone they loved) at an early age, how did it affect you?
Those who lived before the Nutrition Facts labels were on food packaging, how did you know what you were eating?
What is something that you secretly love?
What is something you hate that most people seem to love?
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Question for people with reddit premium. What is r/lounge like?
What is a food you love that others might find unappealing based off appearance and texture?
If real life had a level up! system, which activities or achievements would award the most xp?
If you could describe your sex life using a Pokémon move, what would it be?
Redditors, who LOVES their job? What do you do and why do you love it?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to say, but haven’t had a chance to yet for whatever reason?
People of Reddit, what is the tastiest food you have ever tasted?
What does it feel like to get kicked in the nuts?
What is the line that best describes people of your country?
People who studied Pre-Law in college or went to Law School, was it worth it and did you end up becoming a lawyer? Did you major in anything else in college?
If you could dream one dream, every night, for the rest of your life, what would you dream?
If you had to kill somebody in a school setting, how would you do it? I'm writing an choose your own adventure novel and would love to hear how YOU would eliminate somebody. Would you stab them? Drown them in a toilet? Or something even more grizzly?
What's your ,,went really wrong'' first love story?
Current and former fast food workers of Reddit, what is the worst thing you ever saw or did?
What local, non "out there" food do you love that tourists and foreigners usually can't stand?
How and at what age did you first discover/start watching porn?
What reason makes us love our existance?
Should I drop out of college to start a business?
What is the worst school field trip you ever had. Could be elementary middle or high school.
What is Karma on redit
What do you love most about your best friend?
What's your scariest late at night experience?
What is something that makes you different from most people?
[Serious] People who have been clinically dead and brought back to life, what was your experience?
What is a tasty looking / sounding food that is actually disgusting?
What food combinations are surprisingly tasty?
Redditors from outside the U.S., what theme song to a tv show in your country do you know by heart?
Should it be common knowledge by the time you’re entering college to know how to take the average of numbers (i.e, you have 2, 4, 8 so the average is (2+4+8)/3 = 4.67)?
Mods, why do you love CBT and sounding so darn much?
You have a button in front of you, if you press it you have a 80% that everybody that you meet from now on will instantly like you/love you. You also have a 20% chance that everybody that you know and everybody that you will meet will instantly hate you forever. Do you press the button?
Who was the most "I am Very Smart" person you have met?
If could get the power of a meme which meme would you choose?
Are you able to go a month eating only what you buy from the grocery store? No eating out for a whole month. Any and all consumable food bought only from a grocery store starting in July. Are you up for the grocery store challenge?
For those in fast food. When is the best time to order food? What should we order?
What were you thinking about when you saw this post?
What should everyone know to be prepared for when they finish college/university?
If you had to go gay for one train, which would it be?
What’s something you love about Gen Z culture?
For those of you who love/like your job, what’s your best advice to those of us who feel trapped in a soul-sucking job?
What was your “That could of been me” moment.
Dear engineers of reddit, what is the most insane thing your employers made you do?
I saw my dad texting love hearts to my moms friend. My dad doesn't know that I know.what shall I do?
I have just finished my college course and have 15 weeks off until I start university in September. What skills or experiences can I develop over the summer that will ensure I have a productive and memorable time?
What made you change?
What’s the most complicated love relationship you’ve ever witnessed or been a part of?
Rejoining fire department
What do you love most about Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
What is it like to buy whatever you want?
Have you ever dreamt that you've fallen in love with someone fictional?
Which food did you not try until you were an adult and why?
What are some unorthodox food combinations you have tried that are actually pretty good?
What do you love to hate?
Restaurant and fast food workers, what was the hardest/most interesting order you've ever made?
You can only eat the same three foods for the rest of your life plus water, what are your foods?
People of reddit, how do you know when your inlove with someone?
What are some foods that you thoroughly enjoy whether it’s cold or hot?
People who made food using the Easy Bake Oven as a kid, what was your favorite food?
People of Reddit,what's the worst repeating nightmare you ever had?
Social Workers of Reddit: What's the most depraved thing you've ever encountered in your profession (that you're allowed to tell us)?
What were the last words spoken by a loved one before they passed?
What are the best client apps for Reddit?
What is something that you really want to tell to someone you know, but you're afraid to hurt them?
Students of reddit who have been caught cheating in college, how was the experience?
What beloved thing from your childhood (movie, band, TV show game etc.) could never get made today because “problematic”?
You’re on death row, what did you request for your last meal?
When was the last time you kissed one of your family members on the lips?
How do you let go of someone you were close to?
What kind of food you liked very much, but you can never enjoy it again
Fast food workers, what’s the strangest thing you’ve heard someone listening to in their car?
[Serious] In m.y opinion pornography is very harmful, what do you think?
What is some weird combination of food that you love?
What was a food you hated when you where a child but now love?
What remix of a song is better than the original?
What food do you find sexy?
Readings/opening for cremains burial suggestions
What is something that half the world loves but half the world hates?
Truck drivers of Reddit, honest question: Do you realize almost everyone makes fun of you?
Music lovers of reddit if you could see 4 bands that no longer do concerts who would they be?
what thing do you do where you know you absolutely shouldn’t but do anyway?
What is the one food/drink you don't ever want to eat again and why?
People of reddit, Why say falling in love, why not rising into love?
Recommendations for reliable people who can take my online class needed! I need to take some very basic intro-level college courses online but I am a working mom with no time. Any recommendations for reliable websites/companies/people who can take these classes for me?
When is it always too late to say that you are sorry &amp; want to prove that you were wrong?
What’s the strangest food combination you tried or saw?
What is a weird/wacky food combination you love which everyone else despises?
What's an odd food combination that tastes amazing?
What odd quirk does your pet have that made you fall in love with them?
Do you think APPLE is now the new SUPREME ?
What is one thing u can't stand but most people like when it comes to food, etc?
Redditors, what first made you realize you were in love with your partner?
Hey Reddit, what do you think an English class about memes should include?
Do you use a straw with or without the skin on it???
Those of Reddit to lead healthy lifestyles, when you started out how did you avoid the temptation of shit food?
Book-lovers of reddit- what’s the name of a book that really hit you hard, and that you still think about to this day?
What do you do when you’re friend just all of a sudden stops talking to you out of the blue?
Dear fast food employees of reddit, what was the weirdest prank call you have ever received?
In terms of Humans, who's at the top of the food chain?
What do people outside of the USA consider American food? Do you have a favorite “American” restaurant?
Just impulse bought some Strawberry Lemonade Natural Light, and it’s really not that bad. What’s another food or beverage that sounds weird or nasty that really isn’t bad.
If you were to get caught cheating on your lover, what would be the first thing out of your mouth?
What is your motivation to help you succeed?
Is there a connection between eating fast food and pinworms. What was your experience?
Music lovers of Reddit, what’s your favorite album?
How many items do i need in the menu to start a small seafood restaurant?
What are some culinary items (food, spices, drinks) that are not that well-known, but do wonders to your meals if you know how to use them?
If you had to send “I love you” to one contact on your phone, who would you want to send it to least and why?
Whats a healthy way to compensate wanting to feel loved?
Which movie should've won the best picture academy award they year it came out, but didn't?
what do you love?
What is a characteristic or something physically you couldn't not see yourself "ignoring for the sake of love" from a lifelong partner? [Serious]
People who didn’t finish college, why did you drop out or get kicked out of school?
What is a story you've ALWAYS wanted to post on Reddit (or simply just tell someone), but never got a chance to?
what is your love story?
What would you say is good and bad representation of feminism in pop culture?
What is the one food you can never resist?
What is your made-up movie title that you hope is someday used for a film?
Redditors... What is your favorite food combination?
Redditors, what’s your most awful rejection story?
What food looks exactly like it does in commercials?
Librarians of Reddit, any horror stories you’d like to share?
What is love and what is not love?
Music lovers and audiophiles of Reddit, headphones or speakers?
Any tips for keeping hands/fingers warm when working in a cold/wet environment?
What are the demons that haunt you at night?
How would you explain Reddit's love of our lord and savior Keanu Reeves to your grand children?
Truckers of Reddit, what's some of the most creepy or disturbing things that have happened on trips or while driving?
People of reddit who were poor in their childhood: what things can you pay now that in your childhood it was unthinkable to have?
What’s the stupidest thing someone has argued with you about?
When did your gut feeling save your life?
What are some food items and their posted calorie counts that make you say no way can this be so little calories?
What food does everyone think is amazing but to your experience tastes horrible?
Music-lovers of Reddit, whats one music genre or sub-genre you've always hated and why?
A train is moving toward five tied-up people on the tracks, on the other track is a loved one. What do you do?
What are some good entry level jobs for someone fresh out of college?
[Serious] Those of you without college degrees but recently started a career: how did you progress into the career you have today?
Whats the worst food or drink to have during a zombie apocalypse?
What food did you hate growing up?
Canadians of Reddit: What is one thing you love and one thing you hate about the USA? Americans of Reddit: What is one thing you love and one thing you hate about Canada?
How do I get into voice acting?
What are the best shows to watch on Netflix (or movie)?
What's the best thing you ever sucked on?
Are any two people's handwriting exactly identical?
How do you call this ? There is a french food that nobody knows if it's called "Chocolatine" or "Pain au chocolat", how do you call it ?
Grocery store cashiers, what is the weirdest mix of foods you have seen someone buy?
People of reddit, What's your "this may have been a mistake" food moment?
How did you win the genetic lottery?
Widows/Widowers of reddit, what is something you still do even though your partner has passed?
Using just 10% of our brains is a myth; what combination of activities would fire up the most possible neurons?
Is it possible to only love one person?
What life hack did you use to overcome stress and anxiety from school/university/college related pressures?
Which Android games would you recommend (any kind, if they have a good story even better)?
Take how many people are in your household, multiply that by how many pets you own, and add the product to the number of letters your favorite food has in its name, not including the spaces. What is your number?
Pick up lines in your life.
What overlooked historical figure deserves more praise/hate?
Redditors that deliver (packages / food), whats the worst encounter you've had with a customer?
What's something everyone loves that you just can't stand?
What are some unpopular food combos you love?
Why has food delivery become so popular over the last couple years?
Parents of Reddit what was the stupidest thing your kid did ?
What's your most popular r/askreddit question?
What is something unusual you do when you are extremely bored at home?
How can you tell someone you’re dating loves you?
What was your "are you an idiot?!" moment at school or college?
What do you think are some of the biggest “turning points” for human evolution/development?
Ladies, if you wanted to be "wined and dined" which restaurant and foods would you prefer?
What’s you’re go to meal at a sporting venue?
Have you ever experienced unconditional love? If so, can you give me an example?
People of Reddit, how old was the food you ate past its expiration date?
As a parent, what are some things you can never teach a child?
For those who have loved and been widowed, what did your coworkers/colleagues do that helped most?
What do you hate that everyone else loves?
Whats the craziest thing you did in college or as a young adult?
What the most unexplainable thing or moment that has happened to you or others?
Are there actually people out there who eat Chicken Nuggets from McDonalds after they peel the batter off?
If there is a heaven, Harambe is doing what there right now?
Employees, that work for discord what is it like?
I’ve always wondered this and would love to know what you think, do ants sleep?
What is love?
Reddit, what are some unexpected things that your pets can or cannot eat?
What was your college dorm tragedy?
What is the most terrifying childhood show you use to love as a kid?
What is the most awkward situation you experienced in college?
What would be the worst food to eat with a glass of milk to drink with it?
People of reddit, what’s your favorite song to race home to when trying to avoid shitting your pants?
What were your favourite fast foods when you were growing up?
How do you manage finding an apartment with someone who cant afford it?
What's a show or movie everyone seems to love that you have absolutely no intention on ever watching?
People who love tomatoes, what are some key features in a good tomato compared to a bad one?
If you had 60 minutes to reverse and go back in time each day without rollover, what would you do?
Music-lovers of Reddit, what key change in a song gives you chills every time?
How can i utilize my college days?
What food would surprisingly make a really good pizza topping?
What's the thing you have a love/hate relationship with? As in you love it but also hate it?
How did you react to working full-time after college?
How to help a friend who was handed some terrible news?
How did you forgive yourself?
What edgy thing seemed stupid or usless, but happened to be very fun/interesting/helpful?
How is having a Dad? A Father, protector, provider and leadership. Someone to love you and your Mother?
How do you get over loving your best friend that doesn't love you back?
Why does Anime and cartoon food looks so gosh darn good, but the reallife counterpart sucks?
/u/hells-bell's accidental haiku
What college degree do you have, what is your current job, and how much do you make?
When do you tip? For sit down restaurants where the waiter brings the menu, takes order and delivers food, definitely tip! However, when food is ordered at the counter and a different person delivers food to the table, do you still tip the cashier?
Literature lovers of reddit, what's a small gem that flies under the radar but you regard as a masterpiece?
People who worked at fast food, What is the weirdest order name you have ever gotten?
What’s something that apparently everyone can do but you?
What's an automatic downvote for you?
What fast food place is the worst right now?
What are some foods for which it might be better to eat the amount of money that they're worth rather than the food itself?
I loved Basketball but I don't know how to play it at all ( rules also)
Redditors who have griefed the loss of a loved one, what was the worst/least appropriate thing someone said to try to comfort you?
What family story are you proud to share?
What is your go-to food item when you're hungry?
Which fast food chain makes you feel the worst after you've eaten it?
What game do you love but is hated?
Dear reddit, if there were an unexpected conspiracy happening right now to initiate world war 3, what could be a plausible one?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what are the time(s) you'd be dead because of a disease or accident if you lived in the Middle Ages?
What was the most expensive thing you broke in store?
People who found love on reddit then broke up can you still post in the same places or is it too awkward?
If you could replace all of the grass in the world with something else, what would it be?
What is the longest/worst bad luck streak you’ve experienced?
What’s something that you personally can’t stand, but your S/O loves it so you put up with it?
What cold meals could your favourite fast food place add to their menu?
Adult Redditors, what things happened during your school days that would never be allowed in today's schools?
What should new college graduates know transitioning from school to their careers?
What is the weirdest or violentist thing you've seen or done
What movie did you love as a kid and when your kids saw it, loved it just as much as you did?
Reddit, What the most scary incident you encountered?
What's the weirdest food sold at Stop &amp; Shop?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much? Why or why not?
Who do you love the most, why?
What is your favorite song of all time?
AskRedditers of Reddit, what's the question you've thought about asking Reddit but haven't?
How long would it take you to eat all the food at an average size grocery store (Kroger for example)?
What is a food you absolutely refuse to eat?
What’s the weirdest food combo you can’t get enough of?
Hey reddit, hows your day going?
Why do you love or hate the world?
Is there a subreddit where you can ask things like "Am I the only one"? Like when I was a kid I would mix peanut butter and jelly together in a bowl and dip crackers in it as a snack. Am I the only one? There has to be a sub like that, doesn't there?
Hey reddit, are you afraid of death? Why or why not?
Why are alcoholics linked with spicy foods?
What is your favourite thing about the person you love/appreciate the most?
Which love song has the most beautiful lyrics ?
Why do people still go to college when Reddit says it’s really bad?
How much is enough?
What’s a good playlist or album you like to have sex to, that doesn’t focus on love and romance?
Parents of gay kids, at what point did you realize it?
What's the weirdest food combination you've ever had or seen someone eat?
Why did you leave that bad food review?
What is your favorite unconventional but easy to make food recipe?
People of Reddit: guess what?
If you had one day left to live, what would you say to your loved ones before you died?
How do you college kids speak about the environment when your frat and sorority houses are trashed and littered?
When and how did you learn about porn?
What movie deserves a sequel?
ladies of reddit.Why did girls at school like sport/football guys even most of them are bullies and not trusted?
I like dipping potato chips in ketchup. What is the weirdest combination of foods that you enjoy?
If you could have 1 food from a video game be real, what would you choose?
What is your biggest fear?
What you love to do every day ?
Would you rather have a magic pocket that you could pull out unlimited money to use or a pocket that could give you unlimited food and drink?
What song do you love but wouldn't be caught dead listening to in front of other people?
What are some of the reasons the cost of college has increased so much over the last 40 years?
Any females who earn significantly more than your partner (i.e. the primary breadwinner making 3x more income)? Has it impacted your relationship in a negative way?
Who loves orange soda?
What your first experience dealing with drugs?
What is the best way to teach myself programming?
Pet owners of reddit: What is something your pets does that you cant explain unless you see it?
My Grandfather loves jokes, what are some jokes I can tell him when I go to visit him at the hospital?
Is adding water to dry dog food ok for puppies?
Can you remember your first nightmare?
My question is for people who have been betrayed by a loved one or close friend. How were you able to heal and were you able to forgive?
You can go anywhere, do anything, no matter risk or price, for one day only. But after the day is over it is like it never happened. Whatever consequences your actions had are now reversed. You are only left with memory of the day. What do you do?
What do you wish your favorite fast food restaurant would do to make themselves better?
How often do you go to the dentist?
Would you want pets to live as long as humans? Or is that too much of a commitment?
Can you tell us about the car accident you've had?
If you could choose one food in 2018. What was the most ridiculous thing you have ever done?
Could you write something in the comment in your language?
What do you believe only you have done?
Who amongst your high school graduating class had the most tragic adult life?
Redditors who divorced and remarried the same person- How did you fall back in love? Was it different from the first marriage?
Which supporting actor you love the most in a TV show?
Why are you banned from a subreddit and which one did you get banned from?
Those of you with memorial stickers on your cars honoring loved ones that have died. Will you keep those stickers on your cars, current and new, until you die?
What would you do with a time machine?
Anti-smoking commercials constantly play on TV, often aimed at teens/young adults. If you’re the director of one of these commercials, how would you get the message across?
How long does one wait before moving up a size while stretching their ears, if they previously did it before?
International Reddit, what foods/drinks has America been sleepin on?
How can one get revenge on a girl for choosing best friend over you?
What are some exotic foods that you've tried and really liked?
Send food
Redditors! How did your first confession of love go?
Dog owners of Reddit, how does your dog help you in life?
People of reddit, what was your "welp I'm dead" moment?
Lifeguards of reddit, who were the craziest people you met on the job?
What do u tell a side hoe who texts you “i love you” but ur not tryna get rid of her?
What do you get a high schooler for graduation that’s not to cheap not to expensive?
Why Americans spend on cat food more than baby food?
How did you overcome/get through the loss of a loved one?
What is your favorite late night fast food go to?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done because of love? And why did you do it.
Why do US citizens waste SO much food?
What are your stories of petty revenge, from either side?
With all of these posts on the earth warming, waters rising, Co2 levels and all. I would love to go plant a load of trees. To at least help the air! Is there a cost effective way to do this?
What food do you love that other peole find disgusting?
Pet-owners, in between your unconditional love for your animal, what is their biggest flaw? How inconvenient is it and why is it bad?
Would you support a federal program that provided free online college courses?
What made you realize someone is in love with you?
Gun lovers of Reddit, what that one gun you really want in your collection but haven't got around to buying yet?
Do you believe in love at first sight? Why or why not?
Musicians of Reddit, do you get sick of your own songs because you have to play them repeatedly? How do you overcome this?
Music lovers of Reddit. If your ears could literally orgasm when you hear a specific song, what song would cause one to happen the fastest?
As someone who loves games, are there any games that bring you to tears?
People of Reddit that have choked on food. What was your immediate thought process/reaction and how did you dislodge whatever was about to kill you?
Women daters of Reddit: you got asked out, said yes, but the date just sort of... never happened. What went wrong? [serious]
What’s something most people love that you happen to really dislike?
People of Reddit that are still in school, how has your love life been?
What was that moment when you said "so I've been doing this wrong all time"?
Why girls love football players??
What song have you most recently discovered and fell in love with?
What advice do you wish you'd listened to?
Religious people, would you still choose to believe even if science irrefutably disproved the existence of any deity?
Pet owners of reddit, what's the worst thing your pet/pets have done?
Do you think parents should help paying off their kids’ college student loan/ tuition fee? Why or why not?
Those of you that listen to Howard Stern, when do you think he "Jumped the Shark?"
Who's the first person you think of when you hear a love song? If you're no longer together, why not?
There are lots of foods and beverages best served hot or cold. What foods or beverages are best served at room temperature?
What do you think happened to Tank Man?(Serious)
[Serious] Redditors who have been in street fight(s), tell us what happened?
People or Reddit, when trying to find your partner in love, do you prefer dating apps or real lofe face-to-face?
What have you wanted to share with the world recently? Stories/love/money/opinions/reproductive organs
New freshmen, where are you going for college this year?
What are some food that make you think "this will go well with..."?
How does one obtain a job that they can work from home?
What's something you didn't want to start doing but started anyways and absolutely loved it?
Why are you a tape dispenser?
Name a movie which changed your perspective on love ?
Super wealthy redditors, what's the most ridiculous thing you splurge on?
Side boob, under boob or cleavage?
What do you wish you knew about love and dating in general from the beginning?
When was the first time you said "I love you" to your significant other? How did they react?
If you could choose to live your life as any role from a movie, which role and from which movie would it be?
You find out your young child was switched at birth at the hospital and is not actually your birth child. How do you handle it? Do you want them switched back?
What is a question that breaks your brain when you think about the possible answers?
if you had one super power, but its have to be stuped super power, wjat you super hero's name and super power??
Ladies do you drive in heels? Is it hard? Why?
How to focus for an exam (fell in love with someone)
What's something you would only ever admit while using a throwaway account?
What is a movie you always loved, then watched it many years later, and realized how bad it really was?
Question for those who love to draw
how is that right with puppylover submitting the same giveaway twice in less than 2 days
Can you share some life hacks that you guys use for learning things? Imma leave for college and its kinda hard to memorize things
Will there ever be a more controversial and edgy rock group than Metallica circa 1986 Master of Puppets?
Redditors in relationships: What’s the last thing you learned about your partner that surprised you?
What do you love most about life?
whats a thing that you'll regret for the rest of your life?
What villainous belief do you actually want to happen?
why is fast food so disgusting yet millions eat it everyday?
Residents, ex-residents, and RAs of college dormitories/residence halls, what are your stories?
What's the best free app/website for designing stuff?
God grants you a superpower of your choosing to fight crime. What's your power and superhero name?
hat underused superpower do you wish you had?
College kids who move away for the summer: Why do you leave mountains of garbage behind when you leave?
How did you know that you were in love?
You can have respect without love, but love without respect is impossible - agree/disagree?
What’s the easiest way to make gifs of a show on Amazon?
Kenans of Reddit, what does your latest get rich quick scheme require?
What Disney Channel live action movie have you always wanted a sequel too ?
Teachers of Reddit. What was your weirdest "I have to go to the bathroom" escuse?
How would you say “I love you equally” in your language?
What are your top non-negotiable qualities to seek in a lifelong partner?
What are your top 3 favorite foods and why?
In your opinion, what’s the most realistic science fiction movie?
Why do certain professions always seem to be smokers?
[Serious] Christians of Reddit, how do you reconcile the idea of God's love being unconditional with the concept of salvation having a precondition?
People who have lost loved ones to terminal cancer, how do you cope with each day that passes knowing your days together are limited?
Is comic sans better then new times Roman?
Can soap get dirty? Why or why not?
What was the last day of your college life like ?
Hardworkers of Reddit, have you drastically changed your profession/career to follow your instincts and work on what you love?
Do you actively go out of your way to try new things? Why or why not?
What odd phrases/names do you say to or call your pets?
Advice for a recent graduate (10 months out of college)
Who has found his love of life after 41, and what was your story before that?
If you could choose one corporation/company and wipe it off the face of the earth like it never existed, which one would it be?
What is the best Asian food you have eaten? (Pictures will be helpful)
You go back to college to get a new job. You have to choose one degree to pursue for 8 years. What would it be and why?
Which type of science is not taken seriously?
What’s your hangover food?
What is something that a partner did during sex thinking you loved it but you actually hated it?
Experts, what is usually the healthiest/best choice of food at a breakfast buffet?
Does anyone else get really tired in stores?
Victims of bullying(who were bullied by their “close friends”), how did you get them to stop?
Who went from being hated by the internet to being loved by the internet the fastest?
What is the most unforgettable moment in truth and dare game? (Crazy, awkward, unexpected)
The least expensive item on a fast food menus is 0.99 cents (prices may vary), while a mango costs 0.39 cents (prices may vary), even though the prices may vary, what are your thoughts on why people choose the fast food over a fruit?
How has rAskReddit changed over time?
How long do you need to coexist with your husband before he knows where the dog food (that’s been in the same place for 12 years) is stored? Asking for a friend.
What should be next after comic book based movies?
Parents of Reddit, what are some qualities that you find repulsive in your children(s) partner?
People of Reddit, What is something you would like to know about the opposite sex?
What's the most interesting fact you've ever learnt?
What is the worst song from an artist you love?
Parents of Reddit, what did you learn about your son or daughter after they grew up that contradicted the perception you had of them?
What's the craziest food/drink you've snuck into a cinema?
Former plus sizes of reddit, what kept you motivated while you lost the weight?
Pissed at my sister right now, what's the most infuriating but subtle prank you can think of for a 16 year old?
If you were going to start up a food truck, what would you cook?
What do you love about yourself?
Fast food workers, what makes for a successful restaurant and why do some go from great to shit seemingly overnight?
What do you think about the Cricket World Cup?
What's the best thing about ordering food in instead of eating out?
What was the dumbest thing you’ve ever done, just because someone dared you to?
I need help finding this one movie where this lady is engaged, and then falls in love with a different guy that she met, and now she is super upset with herself and this other guy because they fell in love and now she wont have matching coffee mugs anymore. PLEASE can you help find this movie?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the craziest thing that happened while you were at work?
Netflix and Chill Puns
If you were at a fancy formal event and a huge piece of fat from your food was in your mouth, what would you do?
Non English speakers of Reddit, how do you say "I love you" in your language?
Is it ok for a man to point out a womans wardrobe malfunction .
Why do the czechs love beer?
If you get to ask your pets one question. What would it be?
What’s something you enjoy in private that would be embarrassing or difficult to explain to outside world?
What food seems like it would taste bad until you try it?
Which food tastes great hot, but horrible if cold?
What would you love to see in a sci-fi book that nobody has added yet?
If you could hang out with any celebrity for one day, who would it be?
How long can one have no power without having to throw unopened fridge food away?
What's a food combination that you thought was weird but is, in reality, surprisingly good?
What video game character deserves more love and attention?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, what's the most awkward situation you've brought food out to?
Why is having relationships with other people while being in a closed relationship wrong? Isn't love about making the other person happy even if it means going out with others?
[Serious] What is the most disgusting food you've been served at a restaurant?
What's the best way to win your love?
Are you happy with your college degree? What would you have done differently?
How to make a girl love you again?
Why do you love drinking?
How was your day today?
Dear Redditers, what was your "oh shit" I think I love this person moment compared to the "oh shit" moment when you realized you didn't love them anymore?
Ladies of Reddit, what's something that men rarely do, but you love anyway?
Hello Redditors, I’m an American teen who’s interested in going to college outside of the USA. What are some good schools to look into?
Why are fast food companies allowed to totally misrepresent what their food actually looks like on commercials?
The last comment you liked is to be written on your gravestone once you pass away. What is it?
What is your all time favorite song? Tell me the name of the song and the artist/band it is from and why you love this particular song so much
Fast food workers, what should we never order from you and why?
Which video game would be better if all the characters and npc’s were replaced by the muppets?
Right Said Freds of Reddit, Why are you too sexy for our love?
(Give my your best insult!) Me: "You bunch of empty headed animal food trough wipers! I fart in you Reddit users general direction! Your mother's we're hamsters and your father's smelt of elderberries!" You Reddit users: what's your best go to comeback or insult?
What's your college horror story?
Women who look at “adult” pictures of other women, why?
What’s a condiment, or item of food you always find yourself running out of?
If you are Game of Thrones scriptwriter , what would you change in final season ?
What are you supposed to be doing right now?
What things were given a lifetime to expire and may trouble future generations?
I feel like moving away from google, what are good alternatives for any and all of their services?
What is the best Italian food for a casual dinner?
Who else hates it when you see a girl or guy on TV, or on some social media site and you immediately like, fall in love with them but you know you can never be with them?
What do you currently do for a living and why is it great/average or terrible(or something else)?
You gain access to JK Rowling’s Twitter account for a day, what unnecessary details do you add the the Harry Potter storyline?
What are different ways people show their love for each other without just saying 'I love you'?
What are the possibilities of free college tuition happening across the entire U.S in the near future?
Do you chew soft food (mash potatoes, soft serve ice cream, etc) even though you don't have to?
Who/What keeps you going in life?
Fast food workers of reddit. What’s the most fucked up thing a customer has done to you or the place you worked at?
[Serious] Redditors, What’s the first career you dreamed of having as a kid?
What is the worst food you've ever tasted?
What is the bigliest word you know?
As a beginner pianist, how would you make a simple and good sounding tune?
What are you wearing today?
People of Reddit, if you could program anything, what would it be and in what programming language would you write it in?
What do you "positive trait" is really a character flaw?
Whats may be this Childhood song?.
Have you ever had to walk away from a relationship, while you were still in love with that person?
Spicy food lovers of Reddit, why do you enjoy spicy food, despite it being a painful experience?
Are there any documentaries about food guides being manipulated by agriculture industries?
If you were to only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
What can love buy?
Redditors with white children attending college/university, how did you inoculate them against anti-white and white-guilt inducing indoctrination by professors?
If you had to eat one sauce/condiment with every food what would you eat and why?
Can you really love yourself if you're extremely ugly?
[serious] What is the best way to find a lover?
Santas of reddit, whats the saddest thing a child has asked for?
What do you love most about Reddit? What do you hate most about Reddit? What would you do to fix it?
What's a decent food with toothpaste in it?
You now have to make the last thing you googled fall in love with you. What is it and how do you make it fall in love with you?
How come none of you fuckers told me sex would hurt that fucking bad????
Who is the greatest artist of their time and why?
Has anyone ever gotten rich off information acquired on Reddit?
What are some songs that you loved so much that you checked the artist's other songs, but the other songs were something of a disappointment?
Roommate has been vaping on my food
What is a enjoyable/positive moment at work that made you love your job?
What's a thing you love but your friends or parents HATE?
What's the thing you have a love/hate relationship with? As in you love it but hate it aswell
Animal lovers, what is an interesting fact you know about an animal?
Which is more useful in college: a travel mug, a drawstring bag, or a spiral notebook?
Redditors with successful careers... what are some things you wish you did in college building up to your career?
People who love or hate a specific breed of dog, what's your story?
(Serious) Programmers of Reddit, what is the thing that surprised you the most about programming?
What are some foods that people think are healthy, but are actually not?
What app/game is your whole life
Music lovers in Reddit, what are the famous songs you know which were written (inspired by) for a real person ?
Out of everything, What ticks you off? Like REALLY ticks you off...
If you are living abroad, what is the food that you miss most from home?
What are your favourite weird food combinations?
Girls who think monogamy and real love &gt; than many partners, hows it feel living in this sex obsessed world?
What are signs that your in love with someone?
[Serious] Redditors living in first world countries, how do you view developing nations like China, India etc?
Besides Second Responders to a disaster, what other jobs get no love but should.
What is something you love and has a good fandom?
People involved with Greek life in colleges, what was your worst case of hazing you’ve experienced?
People who have been on the real llife equvilant of half a heart, what was it like?
Why did my ex cheat on me and now he says he loves me?
What food/dishes does the US love that other countries think is disgusting?
Do you think your parents love each other? Why/Not?
Whats the biggest shit you've ever taken?
I'm really confused about what headphones I should get.
Parents of reddit, do you actually have a favorite child?
Sons of Reddit, how do you tell your fathers you love them without it being awkward? Fathers of Reddit, how do you tell your sons you love them without it being awkward?
Would you rather make $20K a year and love what you do or make $60K a year and hate what you do?
What’s the most interesting question that seemed dull to being with that you’ve ever been asked?
What’s a weird sauce/condoment + food combo that surprisingly works?
Redditors, what little thing have you seen that made your day?
What kind of pets do you dance with?
What situations make you feel ‘white guilt’?
If you got into an argument with your best friend over your lover when they aren’t around, would you stand up for your lover?
What's a game you would love to see remastered for current gen consoles ?
What's something that's more valuable than people think?
What food used to revolt you but you now love? What caused the change?
What is the video game equivalent of falling in love?
What is the best internet prank ever made?
What is something you love doing, but you suck at it?
What fictional character did you once love but now hated and why? [Serious]
What is a movie that everybody on earth should watch immediately?
Do you always feel like your friends do not favor or love you anymore and often make you feel unwanted ?
What’s your absolute favorite food?
What is something you can say to your kids when they are young, but not when they are older?
What is in your glove compartment?
What is a food that you can't understand how people enjoy eating it?
What was your first love like?
Do you ever feel awkward having sex or masterbating infront of pets? Do you think they have any idea what your doing?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what is a secret that only the workers know that customers wouldn't want to know?
What is a good local brand, food, sauce, etc from your area?
What is the best fast food item?
What's the last food you got sick on and threw up?
Members of Reddit, what’s your crush/first love story?
What if I wrote a random word and you followed and we made a storyline?
What is your "I knew it" moment?
It’s Saturday night, what’s everyone upto?
I want you to know that you are loved. Do you know why?
do you put prefer vomit creamy or crunchy?
People of Reddit. What is the most creepy unexplainable incident that has ever happened to you?
What is the weirdest flavor of any food that you have seen distributed to the public?
What's something you hated as a kid but loved as an adult?
Has your YouTube suggestion ever spoiled any series/anime for you?
People who work in the gun industry (manufacturing and/or sales), what’s the best way for me to get started doing what I love?
What underwear have you worn today?
What advice do you have for incoming college freshman?
How can you help someone who deals with low self-esteem and doesn’t love themselves?
Mutes of Reddit, what’s life like being mute?
Former Prisoners of Reddit, what were some notable events of your stay?
Fellow Redditors, what does love mean to you?
What do you like most about your favorite fast food place?
I had to wipe my husband's ass while he recovered from a motorcycle accident. What is the non-romantic thing you have done that has shown your SO that you love them?
Does anyone else get the same sickness when their SO is far away?
How much food does 5$ get you in your country?
What food describes your mood right now?
Redditors who had sex with celebrities, what's your story?
What is your favorite unusual food?
What was the food and drink mix that sounded bad but tasted good?
What's something that you'd love to see a movie made about?
I currently have a cold. My comfort food is Chinese food, specifically, won ton soup and pork fried rice with lots of hot mustard. What’s your comfort food when you’re sick?
What's your bingo card for the Pokemon Direct for Sword and Shield tomorrow?
“Oldschools” of the food/hospitality industry, what are things like now vs. then? What can we do differently and/or go back to doing?
Who is that one actor you love 3000?
Since theres government regulations on how much rat and bug feces can be in your food, what would happen if feces had to be in the sorted ingredients list on the package?
[Serious] People who have called suicide prevention/ depression hotlines. Does it actually help?
Reddit, what order do you eat your food in?
Recent college graduates of Reddit, what are some tips you'd give to freshmen and upperclassmen on surviving college?
If you were given the power to create an infestation of clones in the form of a certain celebrity but at the size of a hamster, who would it be?
What’s your best piece of advice for college students?
If you had to be in a religion, what would it be?
What is your most upvoted post/comment and do you feel proud about it?
What was the moment, were you just felt like “fuck that happen”?
What's something you claim you hate but secretly love (or vice versa) ?
What remix is better than the original?
What the grossest thing you ever ate on a dare
If your pets could talk, what would they say about you?
Redditors who didn't go to college, what is the one thing you regret about your decision?
Describe the best day of your life. What was it like?
Why does the scientific community want to completely destroy all mosquitoes? Wouldn’t that cause more damage to the ecosystems?
What's something that you're guilty of eating really late at night when you know you should just go to sleep instead?
So I just saw a rant where there was a talk about ugly dogs, and... I have never seen an ugly dog. Do you have any pictures of ugly pets? Link?
What is something that you love and hate equally?
How to find love in your life or atleast some to be with and be yourself with no judgement? Is anybody out there?
Redditors who throw their fast food bags out the car window, how are you able to afford your cell phone bill to read this post?
Bus drivers of reddit, what's the experience- could be good, bad, crazy, or just plain weird that has suck with you over the years?
Parents of Reddit. What is the most embarrassing thing your kids have done in public?
What innocent situations have you been in that could have gone very wrong?
BBb Tuba Pedal Tone Help
What is more disgusting than someone telling you they love you?
The moment/person/ thing that made you realize that true and everlasting love still exists.
What is the best food to eat when drunk?
Lets help future home buyers out. Name some of the things people do not know when building or buying a house?
You have the power to be unbelievable lucky for 1 minute. How would you use your power?
Are there any guys out there that are or have been attracted to or in love with transgender women? My aunt ”in my dad's side” said that no man would want to be in an open relationship with me because I'm a ”tranny”. Tell me about it please.
Which shows do you hate but everyone loves?
Reddit is tasked with stopping an alien invasion, what does each subreddit do?
What is the most illegal thing you can do with 1£?
If a loved one gets kidnapped, is it a better idea to pay the ransom or just contact the police?
Is college a scam?
iPhone XR or one plus 7 pro? Which phone should I buy? I have an iPhone 6s for about 4 years now and I am looking to upgrade, I don’t know which phone I should buy, the iPhone XR or one plus 7 pro. The thing is I love everything about the one plus 7 pro but it’s an android phone and I love iOS more.
Does anyone know of a working promo code for grad images.com? I’m poor but want to get one photo of my college graduation.
Dick lovers or reddit why is it length or girth that’s more appealing?
What are you so passionate about that you usually end up getting into an argument whenever you talk to someone else about it?
How can I build up enough courage to go to college alone?
Hey reddit any tips to help me from my procrastinating?
What is one game that you love so much, that you could 100% it, delete the file, do it all over again and still have so much fun?
What's something everybody loves but you cannot stand?
What food can you not stand to eat now, because you were forced to eat it all the time growing up ?
Hey reddit, what qualities are essential for working your way up in a career or job setting?
Without saying what your favorite food is, how would Gordon Ramsay insult the way someone made it?
You get stuck in an elevator for 12 hours with no food or water,how do you pass the time?
People of reddit,what is the food that you don't wanna try which is famous food of that country's origin?
Can you eat just enough food to eliminate your need to poop?
Tommorow is my first college interview. I live in small town and applied for the college in a metropolitan city they gonna ask me Why didn't i choose any college at my location and why this college? so far ...can you guys plzz help me to answer that..
What’s the worst food you had the misfortune of consuming?
How to find love?
Just impulse bought some Strawberry Lemonade Natural Light, and it’s really not that bad. What’s another food or beverage that sounds weird or nasty that really isn’t bad?
What is your definition of love?
What is one food or combination of foods that you like but society would frown upon?
Retail and food service workers of Reddit, who's your favorite regular and why?
What is the best story you have from living in a college dorm?
What’s something everyone loves that you happen to despise?
Would you downvote me to the deepest depths of the Shadow Realm, please?
How are you ging to name the first baby born on Mars and what would be it's first toy ?
I love to plan and coordinate friends and families birthdays, but i hate being celebrated on my own birthday.. Am i weird?
What's something that doesn't necessarily make you laugh?
What did you say to another person/group that instantly made them hate you?
How do you control the cravings for eating junk food and stop the habit of snacking all day. (I need to lose a few pounds)
LGBTQ+ people, what is something you wish anti-LGBTQ+ people could know?
Did you ever think that you were never going to fall in love but then you found someone that stole your heart?
What are some of your crazy college stories?
how do you get over a break up?
What’s the story about yourself that you should be ashamed of, but that you love telling?
What video game has the best music?
[Serious] what is the last text message you have from a lost loved one?
What was considered normal back in your day but would be considered dangerous or outrageous today?
What mistakes shouldn't you make when you start working full time, either out of school/after college etc.?
What words of encouragement could be said to help a loved one who is losing their will to live?
What's the name of the sweetest person you have ever met?
Is it not false advertisement for a fast food place to give me food that looks absolutely NOTHING like the picture on the menu?
What beloved franchise (tv show, movie, video games, anime, etc.) is doing something that is pissing off fans on Reddit?
Redditors who had “just one” of any addicting food, how’d you do it?
What are the best healthy alternatives for unhealthy foods?
Why does my right armpit smell worse than my left?
For those who always felt like your parents never cared about you, what was something they did that made you realize that they do truly love you?
People on Reddit , How do you deal with somebody who doesn't have any sense of humor ?
What's your go-to embarrassing memory when you have a cringy flashback?
What is the best meal to order at Burger King?
What's a weird routine/preparation method you have with food that makes people think you're weird?
What word do you find satisfying to say?
Lunch thieves of Reddit, what justification comes up in your mind when you steal food from other people in the workplace?
What’s the most useless fact you ever know?
I (27 gay M) sometimes dream of being a 50's housewife. I've always loved to cook, clean, entertain, and love the music and simplicity of the 50's. I'd love to stay home and cater to my house and husband. Do you ever feel you belong to a different era?
Shrek lovers of Reddit. Whats your favorite shrek oc?
How many pets have you had? what kind of animals where they?
Real Talk. How much kief could Chief Keef cheef, if Chief Keef could cheef kief?
What non canon, will never happen, scifi / fantasy fight would you love to see on the big screen.
What do you think Post Malone smells like.
[Serious] What is your favorite menu item out of all fast food restaurants?
How can I promote self love and confidence?
What made you realize during a relationship that the amount of love you had for a significant other/the amount of love they had for you was declining?
Hey reddit,What are some weird food combinations that can make anyone puke?
Hey reddit i have a qeustion for u guys what is ure worst fast food experience
Atheists and Agnostics of Reddit: Are you really an Atheist or Agnostic? Can you say it out loud? F*CK God F*ck The Holy Ghost? The unforgivable sin. Why or why not?
What's the most impressive animal on the planet in you opinion?
When you are out in public, what gets you upset?
What’s a weird food combination that you find delicious but everyone else thinks is absolutely disgusting?
How did your first love end up?
When did you realize that college degree is useless?
So I fell in love with a girl. And she obviously doesn't worry about getting pregnant. We have been "together/exclusive" for a couple months. We are in our early 30's. I think I would like a kid or two and have said that. But I got a vasectomy at 25 due to medical history. Adopt?
Have you ever experienced sleep paralysis and if so what happened? How long did it last?
Can 2 people who used to date and love each other romantically, become friends and love each other platonically?
What is a weird food combination that turns out to be pretty good?
If you had to survive off of one single food for the rest of your life in a apocalypse scenario. That you had to cultivate, process, and make all yourself, what would it be and why?
How do scientists figure out the atmosphere and conditions on distant planets?
What is your favorite food, and why?
How thicc is too thick
High schoolers and college students, what do you want to major in? People who majored in that field, what are the pros and cons?
What’s an unpopular opinion that you have on any given topic?
Reddit, tell us about "the one who got away". How did fate conspire against you to keep you away from your beloved?
Atheists of Reddit, how do you cope with the death of a loved one knowing you'll never see them again?
[serious]People who are financially stable and didn't go to college, What made you realized you didn't need college to help you get a job?
If you had unlimited mobile data what would you do with it?
Whats one food you just can’t stop eating?
What is love, baby don‘t hurt me, don‘t hurt me ... no more. What is love?
Can you guys come up with a setup that goes with the punchline: “and I said, that’s not even my cat!”?
What is the best food to eat after getting your wisdom teeth removed?
If you should describe someone you love with only one word. What would it be?
How can I go to college if I’m 23 and never took the SAT/ACT?
What's the deal with airplane food?
Anyone know where I can sell feet pics on reddit? I’m a broke college student struggling to pay rent, and I have beautiful feet for anyone interested. Tall, white brunette with slim feet and fresh pedicure. Toe rings optional, will customize to your liking. PayPal is preferred.
What's the biggest opportunity you've passed up simply because you were afraid?
What's it like to be in love?
Waiters or Bartenders, what is the weirdest request or food combo that someone asked for?
Think back to your childhood when you wanted to eat somewhere, but your parents said, “there’s food at home.” What was that food? Was it better than what you would’ve had?
Extremely poor American college graduates(any age) of reddit, how do you feel about the current perception of being poor and it’s accuracy?
What are some anime that you have watched that you do NOT wanna tell people that you watch that Anime?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What's something you instantly fell in love with, only to discover nearly everyone else hates it?
Reddit, why are you a bad person?
What do you crave when you wake up in the morning ? ( Sex, food, a drink, more sleep etc ? )
What is love ?
Does any body ever forget that they are in a relationship, and How? What I mean with this question is that, Do you ever get so in thought with something else that you don't even think about your lover at all?
What was the thing that made you love your favorite boss? What made you hate you least favorite?
People who are unemployed, why can't you find a job?
Which foods taste worse when made properly?
What breed of dog would make the best soccer coach?
What’s the strangest food -or food combination- that you enjoy?
What do you wish you had said to your loved one before they died?
What is easier, to hate or to love? Why?
What is your story about giving up on finding love, but then you finally found it?
Why do you wear high heels?
Looking to connect with fellow fragrance lovers. #fragrance #perfume #scent #cologne ?
If there’s one thing you could forget and do again for the first time (like for example reading a particular book, watching a movie for a first time, tasting food, etc) what would it be?
What is the best way to make memes?
What are some insane things you and your friends have done and kept a secret?
What's the Avatar of songs?
If an actor was to portray you, what's the most likely thing they'd mess up?
What’s an obscure food from your country
Have any of you ever gotten salmonella from eating raw cookie dough?
As tastebuds change throughout your life, what are some foods that you couldn't stand before but love now?
What's a small problem that can quickly snowball into a huge issue?
What is the best way to wake a deep sleeper when alarms don’t work?
As a child or teenager what scam, scheme or business did you set up or operate to make extra cash or aviod a saturday job?
What thing do you hate, but love the fandom?
Why does Reddit hate Trump?
[Serious] Redditors who have had a loved one in prison, how did you cope?
What is the most disgusting thing you've found in your food?
Fellow Americans, If you could get rid of one law in your home state, which law would it be and why?
When did you tell your SO that you loved them?
What food tastes the best but looks the worst?
How long did it take you to forget your first love?
What is something you don’t trust yourself with, but would love to watch others do?
Is this appropriate for a boss to do?
What is your crazy wildlife encounter story?
What is something you wouldn't do even for love (excluding the word "THAT)?
What single plot sequence in one movie would you change (and what to) if you had the chance?
If you were given the horrible superpower of being able to make any food you touch go bad, what would you do with that power?
I've made a horrible bet with a friend
What influenced you to choose the career you are currently in? Now you are in that career field would you change your choice if you could go back in time?
Are you alright?
In 200 years, what fact of everyday life will be as mind-blowing to us today in 2019 as someone in 1800 seeing an airplane fly through the sky?
What's something you love, but you hate its fandom?
Home Cook of Reddit, What dish do you have to prepare slightly more because you mindlessly eat it while cooking?
How would you explain the sensation of "taste" to an alien who had no concept of it. Assume the alien has all the other senses and does consume food.
Veterinarians of reddit, what have been your most “this person shouldn’t be allowed to have pets” moment?
There can only exist five companies. Which ones do you choose, assuming things like food production and electricity is taken care of by the government?
Board game lovers of reddit, what is a more unknown of game that you would recommend to others?
Is it breaking the Bro code if you all are out and one of the “Bros” barely pays for his food and not the tip at all and basically makes the Bro with the cheapest meal pay the most?
How did you meet your best friend from college?
People of Reddit. When and how did you lose your virginity
What are some foods thag you hage but wish u liked?,
Emergency room workers, what is the craziest reason someone has come in got treatment?
If someone asked you what you really want in life, what would you reply?
with which finger do you eat finger food?
What is the best question which you found on Reddit, which you reversed?
Women of Reddit, what was your weirdest food craving during pregnancy?
What is love (without referencing the song)?
Have you ever been caught masturbating? Would love to hear the story.
Gamers of Reddit, what game do you love but is too embarrassing to tell anyone about it?
People who edit their posts/comments to thank for upvotes or gold. Why are you the way that you are?
Cancer survivors of Reddit, what have you been doing with your life after the event? Have you changed much?
Do pets know that kisses are a form of affection?
What is one song you really like but you believe everyone else would hate?
What's your best memory from when a loved one died?
Depressed and in need of wholesomeness. What's a wholesome thing that happened to you or that you've heard of recently?
There's an r/askreddit question as to where you were when President Kennedy was assassinated...
What are some restaurants that give free samples/food on your birthday?
Lazy home chefs, what's the last easy and unique thing you made that was surprisingly good?
Why do college girls have so much casual sex?
Why do people live longer because they have friends irl?
I just learned about Quarantined subreddits. How can Reddit continue to be the Reddit I fell in love with if they are censoring the things that made it special?
What are some small things that others do that absolutely drive you insane?
Would the dishwasher and/ or clothes washer be the cleanest place within a household?
What is the dumbest reason your girlfriend broke up with you?
Folks in your forties, what's your vocation and do you love it?
I'm planning on opening a restaurant based on Marvel characters. My question is if I can name food items after Marvel characters without being sued.
What's something you're petrified of, even though chances are you will never encounter it?
Males of reddit , what are you looking for in a female?
What did you do today?
What is your biggest weakness?
What programming language do you study at school?
When’s the right/best time to tell SO you love them?
If you're going to lose one of your senses, which one and why?
True crime lovers of Reddit — which case fascinated you the most?
What’s one thing you love buying but usually makes you feel guilty afterwards, besides foods?
Making a work out playlist! What's your go to work out song(s)?!
What was the best day of your college years?
That's one way to get sleep on a plane
Calling all boba lovers! What are other popular names to describe bubble tea? There's pearl milk tea, boba, bubble tea... etc What are the other popular names you've heard people saying in reference to the ever popular drink bubble tea?
Who’s watched the new show Songland and thinks it’s the greatest idea and loves it?
If you traveled into the future 50 years and could only bring one movie with you that embodied your childhood, what movie would it be?
[Serious] Hey r/AskReddit, what are some creative ways to encourage children with learning disabilities in today's competitive classroom environments?
What painless torture would cause you to give up any secret?
Do you believe in life after love?
Why is your pet better than all other pets?
What is your crazy neighbor story?
What fictional character received a disproportionately crueler death than they deserved?
What is the best sports movie of all time?
Waiters of Reddit, what’s your “My food isn’t right, it MUST be your fault” story?
Travellers of reddit, what was the most weird experience you had while travelling?
Whats the biggest "instant karma" thing you've ever witnessed?
Older people of Reddit. What is something you loved doing as a child, but children now will probably never experience?
So your in a frat, what’s that like besides just getting trashed at parties, etc?
Who's the most annoying movie character of all time ?
overwhelmed by college and the like
Will you please for the love of your beliefs downvote this?
Redditors, what's the creepiest, funniest, or most interesting thing you've heard on a police scanner?
When I try to post an image on Reddit most of the time after submitting I see a message saying unable to upload photo . What is the problem ?
What do you think that dogs think about the dust at the bottom of their dog food bag?
When have you seen two people fall in love?
You've fallen in love. With a food. What are you in love with and how does it make you feel?
Do you think it is weird for people to have multiple throw off accounts just to try something risky?
People who have had sex while their pets watched: what was the experience like for you, for your partner, and for your pet? Does the pet think you are being attacked?
What is your earliest memory?
If you could go back in time, would you go to college?
What is the most unhealthy thing you love to eat?
Straight guys, how much money would it take for you to suck another mans dick to completion?
What food have you never tried but want to?
What movie that critics HATE, do you love?
What’s a musical genres that you like that nobody else knows about?
Study 12+ years to be a surgeon but get paid the same as a fast food employee. THIS IS TOTALLY FAIR REDDIT!
Reddit, what is the best thing I can blow 20$ on?
Has anybody heard of the 2013 4chan incident? if so can you please let me know?
what food did you try and vowed to never eat it again?
What is the most bizarre food in your culture?
What food is better as leftovers than it is fresh?
A magical event occurs where Reddit sucks users into the app. Which subreddit do you reside in to survive the longest?
What is it you enjoy most about Reddit?
What weird obsessions do your pets have?
What food sounds like it would be a good name for a band?
Baby animals that look like small versions of the adult form (cfc)?
What’s an actually better vegan substitute for common foods?
Have you ever loved someone you’ve never met?
Whats always been your preferred lifestyle, sleeping around or romantic love?
What's your special nickname for a thing and why do you call it that?
What is a show/podcast that you love and want to recommend to people.
What is the darkest meme you have and what is the best meme for love that you have?
[serious] We've seen it in movies that we love, would Gunkata be a useful combat technique in real life?
When did you realize it was time to break up with someone you were in a toxic relationship with but loved dearly?
What shocking thing did you discover about your angel looking youngest sibling?
What's a perfect name for a generic 90's sit com?
Is suicide wrong if you deserve to die?
If you could explain something to your pets like you do to humans, what would it be?
What’s something you enjoy doing during the week that some people might not even consider?
[Serious] How did you overcome serious low self esteem issues?
How do you determine your pets' personalities?
What was/is your high school’s and college drug cultures like? What are the craziest stories?
What universally-panned movie did you absolutely love?
What’s your comfort food?
What’s the weirdest food combination you like to eat that everyone else finds disgusting?
What is a childhood memory of yours that has since been proven false or misremembered?
What are your experiences with Ipsy bags?
Dear young adults/college grads of reddit: How have you coped with the uncertainty of where your life is going?
You become what you smell? I read a comment in a post once by a paramedic who said that, in essence, small parts of whatever you smell ‘become a part of you’ and warned their loved ones to be careful of what they ingest. What is the science behind this?
Why is 76% of songs on the radio about a girl? Why should we care that you like that specific person
Hey, Reddit! Is there any kind of food that's better when it's soggy?
/u/AutoModerator on Americans, do your youngsters love Trump ?
Fast food workers, what is your best memory of a customer at your job?
Hey Reddit what's your favorite gaming food and gaming position?
How do you immortals spend your time?
Can you put pictures of your pets in the comments? I just want to see some cute pets right now.
What film did critics hate that you love?
What micro transaction game do you love; and why do you keep spending money on it?
At the end of which TV series did you most feel like you ‘drank the punch’?
You have an option between two things -The love of your life is standing right in front of you and you have the choice to either do him/her, or take him/her on a nice date. Which would you choose?
Fast food workers, what is the best off menu item that no one knows about?
People with/dating people with micropenises, how has it affected your lovelife?
Chefs of Reddit, have you ever messed up of done something to the food of an annoying customer and if so, what's did they do to deserve it?
Redditors, have you ever read about yourself on reddit...if so how did you react ?
In your opinion, what music artist(s) is severely underrated?
If the other animals on earth took humans as pets, what animal would you want as your owner?
What’s a song you love that everyone else hates?
What is the type of person that you did swear you would never be, but still became that person?
Reddit users, whats yo opinion to gays and so on
What’s a food or brand that everybody thinks is really healthy but isn’t?
Truck drivers of reddit, what are some of the most interesting/weirdest conversations you have heard over CB Radio?
What are some of your favorite songs?
What’s a seemingly small thing that a love interest did that completely turned you off from them for good?
What's one think that kids should really be told before they start college?
What if one day someone you love asks, "why only me"?
What is the stupidest thing you or a friend have ever done?
KPOP lovers of reddit, which fandom is the worst and why? Give examples and context, not just because of your bias group!
Non Americans, what's some food that you don't have access to in your country? And why?
Have you ever cried (tears of joy or sadness) for love?
I wasted an hour trying to come up with something to post here. Is there anything you'd like to ask me?
What superpower would you choose to have and why?
How often did "what you want to be when you grow up" change when you were young? Is it normal for this to change even in college or adulthood?
If you could use your street name in a sentence, what would it say?
What are some healthy food options for EXTREMELY picky &amp; child-like eaters?
Why do American cops love eating donuts?
If you could make ONE food calorie free, what would you choose?
What thing seems so stupid but when you try it you fall in love?
how my love for pregnant women all begun
Restaurant/fast food workers: What's a surprisingly quality item/dish served at your workplace?
Would you throw lemons at your pets and why?
People of Reddit, What experience of abuse have you suffered or witnessed
"Men pretend to be in love to get sex. Women pretend to like sex to find love." How true is this?
What’s your favorite guilty food pleasure?
What song can you listen to over and over and still love?
People who use their horn or rev their car in a traffic jam, what are you tryna achieve?
What kind of food did you eat and then decided not to eat it ever again, but still did?
What's the luckiest and unluckiest thing that has ever happened to you ?
Is is actually expensive to take care of pets ? (In terms of health care etc .. ?)
pet lovers of reddit do you love your pet?
Construction workers of Reddit, what was the worst accident that happened on your site?
How can the USA afford to give immigrants all this free stuff when it's citizens are in need, does it's own people not come first?
What is the strangest thing you have seen someone do with food?
What do your pets do when you’re not home?
What song/film/artist does everybody hate and you secretly love, though you're usually to shy to admit it ?
What are some movies people hate and love for the same reasons?
Ate Mexican food today, now cant stop farting, literally peeling paint off the walls. What is wrong?
What’s the name of this song?
[SERIOUS] Do you guys mind if I post my feelings here for the woman I love to see?
What's a basic etiquette skill you wish more people would do?
Redditors, what was your most absurd fever dream?
Adults of Reddit, what's a movie you watched as a child that was really dark when you watched it again as an adult?
Tell me 1 to 10 you're a favorite, food, game, sport?
Which country you really want to visit and why?
What's your best birthday memory?
What is the tastiest food in your refrigerator right now?
Redditors, what is a way to educate oneself as much as possible without college?
Which was the happiest moment of your life?
[serious] Do you believe in unconditional love?
Question for the cam girl redditors
Currently the US and UK face a widening economic and political chasm. In the race to the bottom which country will be first to have civil insurrection and why?
With Keanu Reeves joining Cyberpunk 2077 and Normad Reedus and Mads Mikkelsen joining Death Stranding, what other actors would you love to see in videogames?
What Disney character did you have a crush on as a child and why?
For those kids (now adults) who starred in reddit scary stories, what is life like after being the kid who "saw a ghost"? Also what's the story?
Would you rather have the career of your dreams or the love of you dreams? Why?
People who were friends with the loner kid, what happened to that kid?
What is a common food in your country that people from other countries would find gross?
If you could only eat from one fast food place for the rest of your life(as in breakfast,lunch,dinner). What would it be and why?
What was the craziest interaction you have had, or witnessed with wildlife?
How do I help my academically challenged younger brother (Highschool) develop a love for learning while living a thousand miles apart?
How would you feel if your bf/gf loves you but don't want sex with you ?
If you order food and go pick it up instead of having it delivered, do you tip?
University students of Reddit, what is the biggest difference between school and uni?
People who chew food or gum with your mouth open..why?
You can hear your pets thoughts. It looks at you, what does it think?
What’s the most hated food you actually like?
People who have been pregnant, what’s your weirdest food craving?
What’s your favorite food?
How do you know if a guy likes you?
What is the most underrated/unknown food combination?
What made you realize that someone is in love with you?
What is your horrible college roommate story?
What are the things u wish u knew before going to college?
Wealthy people of Reddit: If for some crazy reason you ever went completely bankrupt, what's the one thing you would most be devastated to lose, or what could you never live without that the average person cannot afford/consider a major luxury?
What is your “don’t meet your heroes” story?
Gen X?
What do you do for a living ? Did you love what you do ?
Redditors who've sucked off a donkey just to please a leprechaun so he'd give you a gold coin that you could use to finally get your poverty-stricken family out of debt at least temporarily, what's your stance on magic beanstalks and busty princesses?
Redditors! What are your favorite secret menu items? Or food-ordering tricks?
If there was a crowd funded campaign to pay some restaurant or food company like Doritors to show the world exactly how they make their food so we could all make it ourselves, which restaurant would you choose?
What is a a franchise that you used to love, but you've drifted away from it? What was the reason?
People dealing with mental illness, what would you like to hear from your loved ones that would make you feel much better?
what's a job that requires college, pays a lot, but is pretty simple?
Do you have a "Spot" and where is it?
Dear Women of Reddit, what are some of the signs you show a man you're interested in him?
Which book should be adapted into a movie?
What is something you either love or hate with no in between???
What animal would you want as a pet or food
People of reddit, tell us a thing you love about yourself
What character that is universally hated that you love? Why do you love them?
Fiancée will not let me look at her online bank account, should I be worried?
Should I post my erotica on my secret account or my main account?
People of reddit with a footfetish. What do you love about feet?
People of other countries, what's your favorite McDonald's food item?
Just wanted to remind you your parents loves you and always will
If the person you loved the most actually hated you more than anything else, how would you feel
If you were the dictator of a small country, what would be the first thing you'll do?
What do you hate and love at the same time?
Why does God want to be feared?
What are some things you love most about a nice, round, firm, big, fuckin huge, juicy, bubble booty? Why?
What is a product or service you love so much that you'd happily be that company's spokesperson?
Is there actually a benefit (besides improving the taste) to cooking food?
What’s the most ‘alpha’ move you’ve pulled?
What makes you happy?
What is something all children should know when raising their parents?
What are some features that MEN find unattractive on themselves, but you find hella attractive?
Who is someone you grew up with/went to school/college with who has ended up becoming famous?
People who eat at fast food restaurants before they close. Why do you do it? Why not just look for a 24 hour fast food place?
Seafood workers of Reddit: What is the worst thing about working in the seafood business?
What is your "go to" activity or quote that you tell yourself when you are extremely stressed? Where did you learn this from and why?
What makes your most regrettable lay your worst?
What's your personal favorite food combination you absolutely love, but would never eat around friends/family over fears that they would judge you or be disgusted?
What do you think, does &lt;&lt; love from the first sight&gt;&gt; exist ?
Did anyone else in college steal traffic cones, particularly those that belonged to the college when intoxicated ?? 😂😂
If Earth was on the brink of total destruction, is there anything we could do about it?
If you could give up all your priorities to do the thing you loved most, full time, what would you be doing?
An amusement park is designed around you, your personality, and things you like to do. What's its name, food and drinks, rides, and games (are they rigged? How?), and attractions?
How are you lucky?
Whats something unexplainable that you witnessed?
what’s it like to fall out of love ?
What is something you used to love to eat but don't anymore?
What’s it like to be in love?
What is a food that you've eaten since you where a kid and you still eat it without getting bored of it?
What food combinations do other people love but you can't stand?
What food/meal is perfectly edible at any temperature, but is revolting unless served at a specific temp? For example, you can eat many soups cold, but imo if it’s not hot it’s wretched
Mexico suggestions for Male--66? Limited mobility, obese (I fly first just for seat size) but wants a balcony with a view to drink morning coffee and late night scotch from. Love the sea. Hotel/food/entertainment budget of $400-$500/day.....Am familiar with Cancun....SUGGESTIONS?
To the people who fell in love with their best friend, how did you get yourself or them over the initial awkwardness you felt when you realized your feelings have turned into something more?
What common household items (other than what I read, such as foods and handles) can you use as a dildo?
Have you ever secretly fed someone dog food?
Why does Reddit love Keanu Reeves?
If your partner changes and it is not who you used to love, would you continue with her for not having anyone else and believe that she will be the same again?
Those of you who stayed with a partner after they cheated, why did you stay? Were you able to trust them ever again?
What are the best college life hacks?
Sup bitches?
Have you ever had to go through someone falling out of love with you?
How fucked up did you feel after rejection from the girl you loved?
Radiologists, what's the weirdest thing you've found in someone when taking their x-ray?
25 years ago today OJ went for a little Bronco ride, accompanied by all (?) of the LAPD. For those of us that were breathing on that day, do you remember what were you doing?
Fast food workers or waiters, what’s the worst thing a customer has done to you?
Like getting two drinks to pretend the food you're ordering is for two people and you're not just gonna eat it all yourself, what ridiculous charades have you gone through to hide what you're up to?
[Serious] People who have been in an armed robbery/mugging what's your story? How would you rate the experience?
Pornviewers of reddit. Who is you Favorite porn actress?
Veterinarians and animal lovers of reddit, should I report someone I know for animal neglect if they feed their dog a vegan diet?
If you could spend an hour with anyone naked, who would it be and what would you do?
SUGGEST PLS! I am gettin' into a design college to pursue graphic design. This is gonna be the first time that I'm gonna be doing digital stuff. So, I require a laptop (not into gaming) for graphic designing and miscellaneous stuff ( movies, songs, etc.). Max Budget : 1 lakh INR. Suggestions?
In your lovelife, when did you realise that you had been nurturing a fruitless love for the future?
Should companies be required to allow people to take off work to mourn or experience the passing of a loved one?
Not toxic foods for dogs but toxic to humans?
Ppo health insurance holders of Reddit, what is your monthly premium and who are you insured with?
What made you sad today?
Fast food workers, what are some of your best stories with annoying customers?
What cute nicknames do you call your pets?
I'm at a nicely decorated foreign-food restaurant during normal dinner hours and am the only customer. What's really going on, behind the scenes?
In your opinion why are pets gross and pointless?
What do you love the most and hate the most about your pet?
Have you ever had a one night stand? If so, do you regret it?
Fast food workers, what food item shocked you the most when you found out how it was made?
What are some of the food you secretly love but wouldn’t ever wanna get caught eating?
What is your weird food ritual? Ex: Eating M&amp;M’s in a certain order
What is the biggest risk you have taken in life and how did it turn out?
Weird customers weird food
Song about a short lived love story ?
People who have lost a loved one , how do you deal with loss of someone you really cared about?
Just got my first ever sex toy at 19, so what age were you and what was your first toy?
Which drugs, if any, are more harmless than weed for recreational use?
What fact did you learn from a movie that you will never forget?
What does Reddit hate that you love?
People of Reddit, wjen looking for love, do you even care about a deeo emotional bond or just sex, why?
Children of divorced parents: how has your parents f#ck with your life?
Which TV series intro gives you goosebumps?
What’s the craziest food combination you’ve come up?
Do you love your family but hate your childhood and how you were raised? If so, why?
Doctors or Nurses of reddit, what is the scariest moment you have every had with a patient?
What happened to you today?
Is it possible to love someone incorrectly? What are some examples?
Dear 90s kids, when was the first time you think ‘‘Shit, I’m getting old ’’ ?
Redditors of Reddit what bought you to reddit?
What’s your favorite “weird” food combo?
What are some gross-sounding, but very delicious food combos that everyone should try?
What is the worst food you have ever tasted?
What food combo seems like it might taste good but actually tastes awful?
What is the most overrated food?
What’s that one food that you like but everyone else you know hates?
You are given the ability to communicate with any species of animal (excluding common pets), which species do you choose and why?
What's something you do that your dog loves?
What are some foods that you survived on during college/during a tough financial period in your life?
What would you like to thank the internet for?
What TV show did you love back in the day, but when you watch it now you’re like what the hell was I thinking and why?
To which sub would you request a "custom playlist" (like, I love this and that music, would you make a playlist for me)?
You have to spend the night with the very last thing you googled. What is it and how do you feel about it?
Name a food that isn't improved by either chocolate or ranch.
What's some food you don't like eating, but not because of it's taste?
[ Serious] What’s the creepiest thing you saw in the foods?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what should we not order?
People who have lost somebody close to them to terminal illness, how did you come to terms with the fact you were losing your loved one, and what advice can you give to somebody currently going through it?
What was the most beautiful thing your beloved one did/showed to you? This can be even a small thing, that made you really happy. Share your story.
I heard this song it was about love or heartbreak and autumn it wasn't by a famous artist but found it on spotify but i have been trying to find it with no luck. But j do remember the artist releasing an album also could anyone please help me its stuck in my head
What's something you said in your head that would make a good line/quote. (While watching a movie, playing a videogame, experiencing something...)
Where is the best place to go if you want to expereience many cultural foods?
What was the coolest thing you thought about but was terrible when you saw/did it?
What is something you’ve done to someone you love that had genuinely made you feel terrible for doing it, but the other person still said it’s okay and stayed by your side?
What are some unpopular food combos you love?
Your college application/job application asks for your favorite movie/book quote. They use this one line to assess your personality. What quote do you choose?
What's something a houseguest has done that made you kick them out?
When in your life have you felt like you were too hard to love?
If you could love the life of 1 Netflix character from any show, who would you pick and why?
What is a song that you love even though you absolutely hate everything else by the same artist?
What's the most boring thing you've ever done?
I have to DM a D&amp;D session in about an hour and I have not made any NPCs. What’s an NPC that you fell in love with or one that you thought of but never brought into the world that I can use?
what's the best food in the world?
Anime lovers of reddit, why do you exist ?
Are there any stealthy toys for men?
What is your favourite breakfast food?
People who eat food what was the most digusting (not spoiled) food you've ever eaten?
Is it possible to spin straw into gold?
Visiting Honolulu for the next few days. What places should I check out? Any good places for food? Attractions?
What simple task do you seem to be utterly feckless at that everybody else can do with ease?
Teachers of reddit, what is the creative way a student has sneaked food into class?
What is one place you recommend everyone should travel to?
What thing did you love, but school ruined it?
Do you remember your first day of the 1st grade and what was it like?
What's an online course a college student should invest time in, and will be reasonably in demand in the future?
Former employees of Dennison Mfg, what are the true origins of Geedis?
Which Youtubers do you love to watch?
[Serious] Why did the chicken cross the road?
What movie did you love as a child, but when you look at it today you can't help but cringe?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be and why?
What food combination is delicious but people think is gross?
Eating the same food, why do some people get sick but others don't?
What are little things you can do everyday to help love yourself more? [serious]
What was something you tried that you, “saw in a movie once” and it actually worked?
HELP
Can I name food items in my restaurant after Marvel characters without being sued?
people of reddit who have cheated, how has it affected your love life afterwards, and did/how you get out of it?
What is an animated film you love but isn’t a “main” one like Little Mermaid, Lion King, Cinderella etc? Doesn’t have to be Disney, either.
Ladies do you like having your lover continuing giving you pleasure after your first orgasm?
What’s your go-to Chinese food order?
What TV show does everyone else hate but you absolutely love?
When have you told someone "I love you" but didn't meant it?
Girls with tight pussies, why are you and your cat so close? How much love do you show him/her?
Atheists of reddit, what were the reactions when you decided to get out of the closet ( or why haven't you)?
Does anyone remember "Precious Pupp", if so do you know where I can find a dvd?
For how much money would you put wasabi in your eye?
PUBG or Fortnite?
If superior beings kept humans as pets, after decades of "domestication", what would we still do that they would find so cute they had to make internet videos of?
Parents of Reddit, how much do love your childrens?
What weird theory do you have for why people develop food allergies?
What is the best tasting bite of food?
Do you make enough food with the intention to have leftovers? Or do you make enough food with the intention to have just the one meal? Why?
Those who have worked in a restaurant or fast food place, what was the weirdest thing you witnessed a customer do?
(please give reasoning for your answer) If you are getting raped, and pin them down and fuck the rapist, are you raping the rapist? And is it still rape?
what’s your love story?
What's the worst smell you've ever smelt?
Can you stay alive?
What are some of the most common human misconceptions?
What kind of content do people love to watch on youtube?
What food does everyone loves, but you hate?
What’s that awful embarrassing thing that happened to you that you cannot seem to ever forget ?
People of Reddit, what's your love at first sight story?
Redditors with pets, what's your pet's breath smell like?
In your opinion, what culture has the best food?
What is your most memorable concert experience?
[Serious] What movies are similar to Van Helsing (2004) and Hansel &amp; Gretel: Witch Hunters (2013) in the sense that they are both set in 19th century Europe, and about one or several going from place to place hunting demons/witches/vampires/monsters with various weapons and gadgets?
If you had to eat only one food for the rest of your life with no negative effects from that food, what foo do you choose?
What’s worse than losing someone you loved?
What is your favourite or best scar?
Who is redditing while drunk?
What cheap item do you have to people think is expensive?
If you could take the name of any fast-food restaurant, and give it a fancy-sounding twist what would they be?
Men of reddit, how has never hearing an i love you from your father affected you?
How to Improve Your Digital Marketing Game?
What are some things besides love or human/animal tragedies that break your heart?
What's you're kryptonite?
What movie did you hate but love today? And what movie did you love but hate today?
What's a food you thought you would hate, but actually love since you tried it?
What do you guys do on summer?
Food orders at restaurants are continually incorrect when the food is brought out or the item is missing entirely. What is your curse?
Does anyone have temporary aversions to food but like the concept of them a few hours later? Or are hungry for an hour but then later not hungry?
What are the most gilded posts of all-time?
Men of reddit what would be the worst thing possible to do as woman?
Redditors, how would you survive the Lowe’s death match.
Just read "May you have an American house, Japanese wife, and Chinese food" - What can we add? German employees? Italian lover?
What food do you eat differently than other people?
Guys with cock piercings, what piercing do you have and why did you get it? Ladies who have experienced cock piercings on a lover(s), what was your favorite piercing and do you have a preference for pierced or not?
What food doesn't live up to the hype?
In your opinion, which U.S. state has the best food?
Is it good for the chef to lick the food, before sending it out? Why?
When you divide annual tuition by hours of lecturing; how much per hour was your university/college education. Do you think this represents good value, and why?
Do you say, You can't be asked or You can't be assed?
Guys of reddit, what are some definite signs that you’re attracted to someone?
Is it a bad thing I know all the lyrics to Devil Went Down Georgia?
What commonly liked food or drink do you hate, and if you do, what excuse do you use when being offered this at a get together or party?
Redditors, what is the best song about the death of a loved one?
What would you say if you got invited to speak at a celebrity's funeral?
What food do you know is not good for, you yet you still eat it?
What is an interesting fact you learned in college but never comes in handy?
What's the movie that you love but everyone else hates?
What is one food that no one liked sometime ago but everyone loves now?
Bomb diffusers, how do you perform such a stressful job?
Fast food employees, what's the most amount of money someone spent on a order?
From its beginning, for how long should one stay in a relationship until they determine that the lack of love for the other person means that they should break up?
If you had the chance to live twice, would you chose a new country to live in? Why and why not?
Why do you think a person would love the smell of their own farts even when they understand it smells awful?
What is love?
What is your favorite food?
Fast food workers of Reddit, why are orders made wrong so often?
WAO (Wrong answers only): What makes you instantly fall in love with someone?
What do you love about your country?
What do you love and hate about the summer?
Pet owners of reddit that are allergic to their pets, how do you deal with it?
What are your stories of being annoyed by pointless nervous laughter?
What was your worst fast food experience and where at?
What's one thing a person can do to make you instantly like them?
"Old" People going back to college/university, what has been the biggest generational shock with that has happened to you with the new generation?
With lunch in just under 30mins in the UK, whats the plan for it today, and what are you eating for it?
What food you like to put ketchup on?
What is the smallest thing that has ruined a perfectly good day for you?
Who do you love the most and why?
What is something you love to discuss.?
Vegans of Reddit, what do you think of me having to hunt for food for 1/4 of a year?
What is the story behind the single nastiest food you have ever eaten?
What is the most disgusting food that some people enjoy?
Ladies, would you rather receive a lap dance from a woman or a gay guy?
those of you who consider themselves 'in love', how did you feel about your s/o when you first started dating?
How can one block any reddit groups like Roastme and some other groups?
Writers of Reddit, what are snippets and musings? The difference?
You can get any power that you want but you will have to lose a loved one for every power you want, you can’t bring back the dead. What power do you want and what would you do?
Fast food workers of Reddit, how is the iced tea made where you work?
Vinyl lovers, I gotta take a shit. What do I do?
What is a song you love and try to sing but don’t really know the words?
[Serious] What are simple ways to maintain happiness?
What’s the saddest sound in the world?
What’s the tiniest act of love your significant other does that makes your heart melt?
Americans who went abroad for a college degree (so, not just a semester abroad), what was your experience like? Was it actually cheaper? Did you return to the US?
Why do most girls end the first (and last) date by saying "you can fuck me when you love me"..?
What’s one snack food that got discontinued that you wish could make a come-back?
What would be the strangest thing to do if we had to do it like our pets do it?
What are three things you love about yourself?
What makes for a good college experience?
Amusement park employees of reddit, what are your horror stories
What’s the most interesting/weird college story?
What's your shame food?
How do you practice self love?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
Who was the best band that you saw concert and why?
What is a great food combination that sounds bad?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
If you were to schedule your own TV Channel filled with the YouTube shows your subscribed to, what would a typical day of programming look like?
What food are you craving right now?
What food or type of food, regardless of legality, ethics, or realism/fantasy, is on your bucket list?
When did you realize that you are in love with someone?
Redditors whose loved one's are deceased, what were their last words/memory with you?
What is a genuinely good moral company and its evil counterpart?
People of Reddit, have you ever flunked in college?
Partner(s) of reddit, what is a little thing your lover does that makes you happier than it should?
Teachers of reddit, have you ever had a student fall in love with you? How did you deal with it?
Redditers with food allergies, what do you do to prepare or get ready to go to a different country that primarily eats what you are allergic to?
Is pizza the best food ever or what?
What hometown food of yours would succeed anywhere?
Resteraunt/Fast-food workers and consumers of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you've ever heard from a customer? (Complaint, excuse, etc.)
Pilots of Reddit, what was the scariest thing that happened that the passengers never found out?
Do you believe in true love, why or why not?
Can someone you loved, but didn’t love you back, be “the love of your life”?
What foods or objects have you chipped a tooth on, and how bad was the damage?
What is a rare food you think the internet would like?
Who was the person who most recently told you that they loved you?
Teachers of Reddit, what should other (new) teachers be prepared for, that they do not teach in college?
What's something you wish college taught you before starting your first job?
What's the juiciest gossip around your workplace at the moment?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what are your funny/weird or scary experiences with customers?
Theme park ride operators of Reddit, what’s your horror story?
Let’s play MadLibs! I need a noun, a verb, an adjective, your name, your credit card number, a food, your bank password, and an adverb. What do you got?
What is your near death experience when you thought you were for sure going to die?
How bad would it be US federal government suddenly shuts down Social security and food stamp program overnight?
What is the worst thing you had to do to get into your fraternity/sorority in college or some thing similiar?
What person - close to you or known worldwide - did you originally love before finding out they were utter rubbish?
Redditors who switched their major during college/uni, why did you do it?
Why are people so easily fascinated and impressed?
what’s your “lame claim to fame?”
Christians of Reddit: God chose Trump to lead his people on Earth. Why didn't god choose someone with better morals, or at least someone who doesn't lie so much, or at least someone who loves money a little less, or at least someone with a small amount of compassion?
I can’t talk
Why does such a large percentage of self-proclaimed lovers of Jesus H. Christ in the USA display unwavering support and adoration for Donald J. Trump?
How would you tell someone you love that you’re leaving so you don’t hurt them more then they already are.(emotionally)
Dogs or Cats would you feel comfortable with them as pets if they could speak?
What's a good starting job for someone without a college degree? What can you do while you prepare for higher-end jobs?
What food combination do you love to eat but are too embarrassed to admit it?
What's a food or snack that you love, but most people find unappetizing?
For those who want to improve relationships, what are the best ways to show your loved ones you care for them?
Should I take the GED if I have plans go enroll in a college?
People are in love with the politics. What is your “ideal president” for you?
How do you fall in love with books again?
[Serious] how do trade schools compare to traditional college?
Zoo workers, what are some of your most wtf experiences?
[Serious] Psychics of Reddit, do you knowingly scam your clients or do you actually believe you are gifted?
If Pokémon existed,what type would you choose,and would yo become the very best?
Whats the worst fast food restaurant experience you’ve had?
What's a show or a movie that if you didn't see during the right time, you're not going to love it?
People of Reddit, what is the worst fad you ever had to deal with in school, work, or somewhere else?
What do you guys think about a no repeated questions (in a certain time frame) on this sub being implemented?
What is a food that is better the cheaper it is?
Ok so im trying to order a pizza and cant decide what kind so cheese, Pepperoni,or meatlovers?
Ass eaters of reddit what was the dirtiest ass you have ever eaten?
Guys, which team would you play for - shirts or skins? Why?
If you sent a small time capsule into space what would you put in it to let other life know what earth is like?
What were some hustles you did in college to earn money that weren't jobs?
Teachers of Reddit,have you ever seen students having sex during school?
Reddit is based off communities called subs. If you could make a subreddit of your own, what would it be and what would you name it?
I’ve been trying to remember what cartoon or show is this from?
Every aspect of your life now has to start with one letter of the alphabet (career, food you eat, movies, TV, etc.). Which letter would you choose to control your life from now on?
How would you feel about the United States moving to the metric system?
TSA agents: how often do you have to pull out sex toys that look suspicious?
What is your creepiest ex story?
For all you ladies
How do you say I love you in Spanish?
What's the most unbelievable thing you've done or made for food while drunk?
Why do bands encourage filming at their shows but comedians do not allow phones?
men what are some weird habits of your loved ones
Which subreddit has the best mods?
How comes UK hasn't left the EU already?
What's wrong with you?
Where are the limits of individual freedom for you?
Reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you’ve done for “love”?
What is your favorite word or phrase unique to where you grew/live?
What ways do you recycle items, household goods, food, etc that other people may have not thought of doing?
People of Reddit, what was the most disgusting thing to have ever happened at your school?
People of Reddit, do you like/love to live where you live?
A fuckton is more than a shitload. what's your vulgar metric?
Why does everyone say love is the best feeling in the world?
Why love?
Is forced sex with a man as terrible for guys as for girls? Is being kicked in the groin by a girl, so violently that a testicle bursts open and has to be removed from his body later, worse for a guy than forced sex?
Good-looking people of reddit, when did you realise you were attractive?
You are given the opportunity to recast the lead actor of any major movie. Which movie and actor do you choose?
What is something people worry about but no other person really pays attention to at all?
In Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs, what food would you wish for to rain down from the sky?
Is it "OK!" for religious people to fall in love with opposite-sex humans ?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done for love ?
How do you feel about college kids being required to choose majors with decent job prospects in order to get approved for massive student loans?
What is your hobby?
What was the least opportune moment your phone has slipped from your hand?
Today do U say i love U to a person? If U say no, tell why. I'm so happy today and i want to share some love to the people
Which one you like most heavenly tasty food and drink or money?
At any one point in time, how close is an American to a nuclear bomb (on average) given our love for WMDs?
Dear reddit users, I love reddit what should I do?
If it were possible, what would you ask your future self?
Why do you love your country? (Tell also which country is)
Fast food workers of Reddit, do you get offended when people use your job as an example of failure
How would you describe your favorite movie to make it sound like it doesn't make any sense?
What is ur “I am very badass” moment?
Taken people of Reddit, did you ever believe that you were never going to fall in love again or no one else would fall in love with you again? What’s your story?
Grocery store workers of Reddit, what should everyone know about shopping for food that too few people actually know?
If you were told that you had 24 hours to get as much equipment/food as you could before you were teleported to an endless desert for 6 months, what do you get (you have to carry it all, no vehicles)?
Guys whose girlfriends beat them in an arm wrestle, how'd you take it?
When making love who do you think's on top, President Trump or the first lady ?
What’s the worst foreign object you’ve found in your food?
I always thought my dogs paws smelled like Fritos corn chips. What are other familiar pet smells?
What’s the best Gas Station
Motorbike lovers of reddit. Why do you love motorbikes so much?
What was the weirdest thing you have done for some sort of payment?
What food is absolutely disgusting when you know how it's made?
What is something food distributers should be doing to help eliminate plastic/waste?
Worst fast food restaurant incident you’ve ever had?
Reddditors, what is the average amount of time you spend on Reddit every week (including Saturday and Sunday)?
I am a genie, loopholes will be found, what is your wish?
What's you favourite food combo that most people would look at in disgust?
What makes you run the other way when you meet someone new?
James Charles kissed you! Will you follow me to undo it?
How do you heal love-sickness?
What did someone do for you or a loved one that restored your faith in humanity?
What is the most harmful food?
What is a “weird” food combo that you love but others may think is strange or gross?
What is your idea of comfort food?
What foods would taste better without the main ingredient?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was your "I don't get paid enough to do this" moment?
How did you get through the darkest time of your life?
Cruise line workers, what was your sketchiest experience on board?
What are things you hate about your family, but still love?
Planning on going to Los Angeles soon. What are some cool things to see and do there?
If you were halfway through college, but weren't satisfied, what career path did you choose next?
Paano kapag nawala ang college diploma?
People who actually been in food fights, what food items did you throw?
What is your favorite food?
What are some side effects of love?
Why do you, 50 years later still not understand that the Manson family murders were a false flag by Nixon to kill the anti-war hippie movement? Sharon Tate was able to raise her child out of the spotlight, Charles Manson was given the role of a lifetime and Nixon was able to kill the hippies?
Redditors who love their job, what do you do and why do you love it?
What’s the best weird food combination you’ve ever had?
People who have been told they have an annoying laugh, was it noticeable to you before someone pointed it out and have you changed the way you laugh since?
What doesnt add up the more you think about it?
Can your thoughts have accents?
What drama is currently happening with your pets right now?
What’s a low in calorie but filling food?
If you could have the love of your life, Who would they be?
Teachers of reddit, what was the stupidest excuse a student has came up with?
Where would be a good place to live for someone who loves heavy rain or thunderstorms?
People whose first kiss didn't happen the way it was planned, what happened?
What do you wish you'd learned in college?
What is a stand up routine/joke that was funny at the time, but could not be told today without backlash?
What it's like to fall in love? [Serious]
What is the point of putting “This is a true story” somewhere inside a fake one?
What is a weird/wacky food combination which you love that everyone else despises?
What’s some food/dish sounds absolutely amazing yet tastes terrible?
What cartoon did you love as a kid, that you wish your child could watch now?
Do you believe in love or is it real?
What is the most fucked up video you've watched?
What are the subjects that are close to the Computer Science but with less Maths and Programming courses in college?
Im feeling sad so can you please give me pictures of your pets?
What do you love about your country?
Cheese lovers of Reddit, if you had to eat a 2 pound bag of your favorite cheese, which cheese would you choose?
What is your weirdest method for eating food? If you have one why do you eat it this way?
What was the best party you attended in your highschool/college years ? What made it so great that you will never forget that night ?
Foodies of reddit what is the strangest yet best food you've had
I’m drunk right now. I love reddit. How are you doing?
What made you fall in love with your field of work?
Redditors with DID (dissociative identity disorder), how much of what we see in movies about it is true?
Has anyone ever fallen in love with their best friend of the opposite sex who lived next door?
What is the thing that makes you happy no matter how sad you are?
People who have/had sugar daddies, did you ever fall in love with them?
What is the worst thing you're willing to do for 10m dollars? You will suffer no consequences for the action
Anyone who has had a minimum wage job such as retail/fast food or etc, has it changed your views or attitude?
People who love their family, what do you hate about them?
Former High-school students of reddit: What is something that your teachers had constantly told you about upon entering college / the real world that ended up being utter bullshit?
Redditors who had single parent, how have you helped them fall in love again?
If you had only one, very specific, food item you could eat for the rest of eternity that still provided all your nutritional needs, what would it be?
What is the most profound thought you have had that you can recall?
Crisps in a sandwich yae or nae?
What is your "type"? Why?
Retial/fast food workers what is your biggest work pet peeve?
Does having ADD make you a better or worse lover?
Your loved one is dying and you have the option to upload a digital AI version of them you can always revisit and interact with forever onto a computer but a master copy must be sent to the service provider’s cloud. If this isn’t a reasonable agreement, what bad could come out of this scenario?
What was a weird habit of yours as a child
What was something surprising that you learnt about a person who you have known for a long time?
What is a widely popular &amp; beloved movie that you yourself find boring &amp; uninteresting?
What is love (in one sentence)?
Money or love, what would you prefer?
What are some ways you overcome procrastination and get focused?
What was something you bought and loved it, but it was unfortunately a limited edition?
what foods go good together that shouldn't?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of falling in love with a Girl character in Oldskool Runescape?
What are the cleanest pets?
Redditors, what is one food everyone loves that you can't stand/find disgusting?
What's the weirdest combination of food you love but wouldn't think tasted good together.
Why haven't you still gotten over your first love?
What is a cold food/beverage that typically tastes better when warmed up?
What are some hobbies/activities that a recent high school graduate can start to enrich their worldview, well-being, college experience, and beyond?
Aquatic cat owners, how did you get your cat to love being in the bathtub? (Serious)
Does my bf want to be trans?
What would be your dream vacation?
What's a good food to put a Cherry on top of?
What professions are well paid but tend to hate their jobs?
What famous quote would sound the most ridiculous if you said it in today’s vernacular?
Who do you love the most in this world?
[Serious] What's that song that has been overly commercialized long ago, that still touches you and that you love? [
Perhaps a really stupid question but i’m new here. Is it allowed to post the same story in more groups? Or like how does it work i’m confusion
Gunsmiths of reddit, how did it feel string firing your first gun? Did it even work?
Teachers/Students of Reddit, what's the most wholesome thing you've seen in a classroom?
Fast food workers who have had to deal with entire high school bands stopping in while you were on shift, how was that experience and what were your feelings on it?
Whats a "i fcked up" Moment where nothing ended up happening
What's a little known fact or piece of knowledge about your job that one would learn only by doing your job?
What's a combination of food you love but most people would think is weird together?
If you were to make a chess set based on food, what food would each piece be? (King, Queen, Bishop, Knight, Rook, and Pawn)
I know people sometimes dance with their dog or cat, but do people dance with other types of pets?
Pastors of Reddit what is the worst Parishioner you have ever experienced?
What was the first video game you fell in love with? Is there a specific moment that still stands out to you?
What's something that you love but forget about most of the time?
What podcasts do you listen to??
Why do most girls have a mole in their hands?
What's your favorite comfort food or drink item to make of any sort and why (invisible bonus points if you include the recipe)?
It the last text messege you sent was inscribed on your tombstone, what would it say?
Do you love working on Mondays's??
What taboo thing do you secretly love?
NFSW - What was the most inconspiuous way you tried/had sex?
Hey Reddit, what things can a person do online to improve his curriculum?
What's the stupidest thing you've done due to a dare?
What is the scariest/creepiest thing one of your pets has ever done?
What the best side item from any fast food restaurant?
Thank you to the people who helped me the other night, I really appreciated it can I help you in anyway?
Rich/self made people of reddit, what things surprised you when you ‘made it’?
What are some of the craziest offers you’ve ever received?
Am i the only one who randomly gets lost in food videos at the middle of the night when hungry?
What is something you either love or hate with no in between?
Sock sock shoe shoe or sock shoe sock shoe ?
What should be the punishment for laptop (or any) thieves?
What food has the highest amount of calories but is really worth eating?
What’s the scariest thing that happened to you as a kid?
Bully victims of reddit, has standing up to the bully ever gone wrong, by losing the fight or otherwise?
If ALL animals could speak one day, would meat still be the main source of food?
What’s a weird food combination others would think is gross, but you think is delicious?
People of reddit what is the funniest thing you’ve ever done?
What dessert does everyone seem to love but you hate?
You have one chance, one single rule/protocol that has to be followed by every AI going forward. What do you command to limit ever effing up humanity?
What's the weirdest thing you witnessed on a public toilet/bathroom?
What genre of music did you think you would never like but now love listening to? What artist made that change for you?
My mother has recently found he biological brother. I have always loved my Asian heritage and so does my uncle. We both have a hard time finding a clear image for our family crest. Is this a proper sub to ask for help on? Below is the best we have so far. Would love help!
What is a food you hate but everybody else actually love?
[Serious] What is the hardest decision you have ever had to make?
If you could only eat at one fast food restaurant for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Dreaming of Reddit.
Happy world oceans day! Why do you love the ocean?
What useless skill you'd love to have?
A question for people who like really spicy food.
What did you dislike in the beginning but love now?
What are some simple things that fast food chains should change in their service/offer?
Scientists of Reddit, do you believe the multiverse is real? Why or why not?
Which series do you REALLY want to see continued?
What’s a weird combination of food you like that other may find gross?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
Mental health workers of Reddit, what's the most fucked up thing you have seen?
What's the best food to ever exist?
People who love talking about their sex life, why?
If you had to decide weather or not to leave the plave you love in order to help a family member, would you do it and why?
What’s the craziest conspiracy theory you know that was actually proven to be true?
If you had to pick a loved one to kill to save your own life, would you?
You wake up one day and everyone has stats. What are yours?
You are thrown into a medieval Coliseum, where you are told that you have to defeat 100 trained swordsmen. What weapon would you choose, fictional or non fictional, to completely decimate your opponents?
Redditors who went to college and got a degree/career, what made you want to pick that specific career?
What Song made you fall in love with a band?
What is a topic that became well known because of the internet that wasn't really discussed beforehand?
Enforcers of reddit, what is the weirdest situation you've had to deal with?
Users of Reddit, what was that one incident that happened in college?
Redditors who were sick on their wedding day, what happened?
What is a food that you like prepared differently than most people?
What’s a good sport to get into after college?
People who work in airport customs, what's the most creative way you've seen people try and smuggle in contraband?
What’s an activity you thought was weird but fell in love with once you tried it?
Reddit, how do you tell the difference between lust and love?
Have you ever been in love with a country that isn’t your own?
What is the best pet you've ever had?
Failures of reddit, why is your self esteem so low that you call yourself a failure?
What food can you eat regularly or all the time and not get sick of eating it?
What's the most you have ever eatin in one sitting?
[Serious Only] People of reddit, the love if your life has committed suicide, how do/did you deal with it.
What's a strange combination of food you like?
What was your worst experience in a food establishment?
What's a REALLY good song that's got some messed up lyrics?
If you could only have one type of food for the rest of your life what would it be?
You can no longer buy or in any way obtain groceries, how long will you survive on the food you already have at home?
What food is healthier than you thought?
Trans people of Reddit, what was your " I am Trans" moment?
What does love feel like for you?
What's something that you wished you would've invented? And what's something that you would love to invent? Not looking to steal ideas just curious👀
Gamers of Reddit, in what games would you love to start as a noob again?
What are things people should know or do after turning 30?
Previously homeless people of reddit, what helped get you off the streets
Redditors that went into a career for the love of it, when did it become just a paycheck?
What are the best snakes/foods to grab on the go that require no fuss and actually curb your hunger?
Chose one: A magic pocket that you can pull out an unlimited amount of money to use at anytime or a pocket that you can pull out unlimited food and drink to eat anytime
Would free college in America lead to a drastic drop in military enlistment?
Job recruiters of reddit, how important is the GPA for someone straight out of college?
Women of reddit, what is something men think is attractive but isn’t?
What’s a food that tastes really bad when you’re healthy but good if you’re sick?
Train conductors of Reddit, what is the most effed-up thing you've seen along the railroad tracks / while you're doing your conducting?
What’s with all the Keanu Reeves love on here lately?
What can you do for side incomes when you are working 8am to 5pm but cannot take another job?
Why does almost everyone on reddit seem to love Pokemon/Nintendo?
You have the opportunity to travel back in time to your young body and change some things in your life the problem is you can do that just once that means you have to experience those years again will you do that ?
What fictional character would you love to have as your sidekick?
People who own birds as pets, why?
People of Reddit, what do you personally see in love? Why do you love someone?
Dog lovers: What is your favourite dog breed and why?
Do you think that spiders, insects and other tiny creatures that live at your place are your pets?
Thanks for stringing me along for the last 7 months and then starting a relationship with someone who’s basically a child
What are some career paths to take within the food industry that doesn't involve cooking or managing cooks?
What does an Asian girl insinuate when she tells an Asian guy “Western girls would love you”?
Why we always love Rong persons ?
What would you do if you were secretly in love with your best friend, and you think the feelings are mutual, but aren’t sure?
Do you use reddit on mobile or on pc. And do you use dark mode or not?
Sailors of Reddit, what is the coolest/weirdest thing you've experienced at sea?
Redditors: If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what one important thing would you tell your loved ones (other than "I love you" or "Goodbye")?
If someone says "old people food", what do you think of?
What is the biggest lie you’ve told just to get out of trouble?
Ladies of Reddit, did you ever get over your first love and how?
Have you ever been "in love" with a fictionnal character as a kid, if yes then who ?
If you chose not to go to college in order not to take on student debt, how do you feel now knowing it might all be forgiven?
What fast food restaurants are more likely to hire you if you have no experience?
Hey Reddit, what is a food that you can't stand?
[Serious] What's the weirdest food you've eaten that gave you the Hershey Squirts?
I woke up to my niece putting my dick into her mouth. At first I thought it was my wife. But after a min or so I realized it was my niece. But I didn’t stop her right away. Is that fucked up?
Without saying the title, what's your favorite movie about?
How to get used to a loved one not being around?
College graduates of Reddit, How difficult was it to find a job related to your major after graduating from college? How long did it take you?
Females of ARAD: are there women who truly have a love for the taste of a man’s cum and the feeling of being cummed on?
What is one positive fact about the world that not enough people know about?
What is something you would like your SO to send you that would make you feel loved and appreciated?
People of reddit, what was the dumbest thing you've ever said or done?
What's a secret you can't forgive yourself for, and wouldn't expect your loved ones to, if they found out?
What are some amazing hidden food spots in Manhattan?
How much fast food do you eat in a week? Do you like fast food?
How did you move on, when you were on the receiving end of a breakup you didn’t want to happen? Is there chance for love again?
What food or drink screams “summer is here”?
What are your sweetest double confession stories?
The guy I'm seeing sometimes tells me, "don't get be catching feelings" but then turns around and whispers "I love you". He flips flops back and forth. Is he trying to hide his feelings?
What is the worst case of bullying you have witnessed?
Do you have a single moment or story that has altered your life forever?
what is your by far biggest monthly expanse that isn't a necessity like rant or food?
What do NORMAL poeple do in a day?
Whats the cringiest thing you did for "love"?
What's the weirdest combination of food you love but wouldn't think tasted good together.
Any advice to make college a little less scary?
What are some "see you later alligator" goodbyes?
What’s your weird food hack?
How can there still be world hunger if we have 7 billion people, all of whom are basically made of food?
What posters did you hang in your college dorm room?
What dog breed loves their owner the most?
A band of crazed international terrorists with very unusual motivations kidnap your family, pets and childhood friends and threaten to kill all of them unless you get a post on the first page of AskReddit. How do you do so?
Who is your favorite actor and why?
What makes you roll your eyes?
What's an awful movie that you love?
How much do Flaggers aka traffic stops on construction sites
If you had to describe all the countries in the world with 5 words what would it be?
Sex workers of Reddit, any stories of clients that weren't looking for sex, but instead companionship and love?
What's the most disgusting thing you've found in your fast food order? How did management react?
Without using the words "baby" "don't", "hurt" and "me", what is love?
How do people handle crippling depression? How do you sleep at night knowing your existence is meaningless and your life has no purpose and the everything you know and love will be destroyed once the Sun dies out?How Reddit, how?
People of reddit , What methods or tricks do you use to eat cheap? What do you buy to have a better food budget.
People who had dropped out of college, do you regret it?
How do i handle the grief of a loved one?
RAs on college campuses, what happened?
Popular people who are not "traditionally attractive," what do people love about you?
Have you ever experienced cyberbullying? If yes, what's your story?
"Why is college so expensive? A system where young people go broke/into massive debt just hoping they'll get a good job seems about as broken as our healthcare system." - /r/AskReddit (+437) [June 15, 2009]
Servers and cooks, have you actually ever spit in a customers food?
You would do anything for love, but you won't do what?
What's something that everyone else seems to hate, but you love?
Alright Reddit, who is THAT GUY(or girl) at your work? You know the one!
What's been the best food you tasted of a foreign culture?
What’s the first name of someone you love a lot?
People of reddit have you ever cried on your own birthday?
Former anti-vaxxers, what turned you around?
Are Brazilians the most diverse country with people of all skins colors or is another country?
How have you gotten over the heart ache of an unrequited love?
Save for WWII and 9/11, tell me why we should still be considered the "United States" of America?
Servers of Reddit, have you ever intentionally ruined/tainted a customer's food or witnessed someone doing it?
Why is it that people hate skunk smell, but love Rolling Rock beer, which smells like skunk?
Which job would you love to have the skills for, without having the actual job?
People who work at delivery companies (ups, food etc.) is sex with clients ever happens?
What gross food combination is your guilty pleasure?
Assuming you don’t have them already, do you want children? Why/why not?
What is one thing you are glad you changed your opinion on?
What are the more worst thing your siblings have done to you?
What are some great games that you can download off of Google Play Store?
KPOP lovers of reddit, what fandom is the worst and why, provide examples, especially those that are biased of a specific group?
What is the most overrated/underrated foods?
Do dogs know if you love them?
What’s a weird food combo that you love?
How does one start taking care of themself in order to treat themself like someone they really love and care for?
What browser do you use and why?
What is your one food craving that you can never kick?
Pretty hungry right now, so i ask of you, what is your favorite food?
What story would get you arrested if you tell it to a cop?
What did the gay kid do at there school?
I heard that Czech language was almost replaced by German at some point. How true is it?
Fast-food workers, what's the most disgusting thing in your restaurant?
What is you favorite cover song performed by an artist you know?
What is pin copied text snippets to stop them expiring after 1 hour?
Name one overrated subreddit and one underrated subreddit but do not write which is which
What is the worst food you've ever eaten but you said it was nice?
If you could magically make 3 unhealthy foods into super healthy foods for life which ones would you choose?
What are some things/games that you would love to experience in VR?
[Serious] Whats your stupidest most generic autistic post ?
Why do so many fast food organizations have such a hard time hiring good employees while other fast food companies seem to hire people that provide exceptional service? I realize training is key, but I am specifically asking about hiring practices.
When it comes to food, who's the one person you know that cooks a certain type of meal in a "weird" way?
Why after eating spicy food is poop spicy but wee not?
Anyone else have a crush on Chris Hemsworth? What do you love most about Chris Hemsworth?
My mom updated her will, should I be concerned?
What service do you go to in the UK to anonymously tell someone you feel something wrong going on? For example my college, they're making a bunch of people who help kids with needs redundant and our principal has been rumoured to get a 20k raise
What is the best food to try when visiting New Zealand?
Hey UK people - are there any shows you recommend that you guys watch over there? I loved the In Betweeners. What other shows can you recommend?
What's a good deed that you did recently that you really want to talk about, but don't want to be "that person" who always talks about how good they are?
Question for college business coursework
Do restaurants in America need to get a food hygiene rating?
Which is a bigger factor in contributing to obesity: Unhealthy food choices or lack of exercise?
What food/drink will never grow old, no matter how many times you consume it?
What is your pets name and is there any meaning to it?
What’s a food you like to snack on but no one you know seems to like?
(Serious) What's a day in college like?
What was the most random thing you've seen in your life?
As someone who has spent most of his life playing mobile games, microtransactions seem normal to me. What is YOUR opinion on this topic?
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever had to clean up?
What is the definition of love?
Asking for a friend, if you are a soon-to-be-divorced-mother-of-four-kids with a sleeve of tattoos and a PhD, who loves to laugh and write, where is the best place to find someone to date?
Would you also give your loved ones a car like David Dobrik does, except with your savings?
r/askreddit a friend of mine is suicidal and in love with me, but i dont know how to say i dont feel the same way, can someone help me with this?
People who, when told something is annoying, continue to do it in an exaggerated way just to annoy the other person, why do you do that?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the most pathetic thing you have seen someone do for money?
Americans who have been to Ireland or the UK, what’s the junk food you really miss?
Programmers, what do you like about programming?
Besides Keanu &amp; Trump, who does Reddit love and hate?
My friend's birthday is under a week away, what is something really big/pointless for under a tenner? Needs to be something silly/funny
Whats your favorite(but ultimately taboo) food while being on a diet?
Reddit people that live in a city, what was the most scariest moment you had walking down a street/alley way?
What’s something everyone loved that you hate?
What seemingly minor incidents would surely make you decide to leave a job?
A server at a restaurant accidentally gives you their tips instead of change, what do you do?
What's something everybody loves that you can't understand why?
[serious] Who is your favorite character in a work of literature, and why?
Whos an actor/actress that you really dont like and what movie do you actually love their role in?
The world likes to romanticize specific foods from some countries (poutine from Canada, bratwurst from Germany, etc...) what is a dish from your country that you think is underrated?
What food dishes are unique to your part of the world?
Have you ever try to explain the love you feel for your pet to somebody who doesn't have any pet and who never had one ? How did you do that ?
What food combinations do you love that seems disgusting?
People of Reddit, Why does every ethnic group that isnt black, hate black people? Even when they've never really done anything to anyone in history?
How would you explain your life in haiku form?
How come gloves have slots for fingers but socks don’t have slots for toes?
Have a hobby that doesn’t necessarily fit your personality or exterior, perhaps a burly man who loves knitting, a girly girl who loves engines, do you keep your hobby secrets due to it not matching the ‘you’ that you portray to the world?
Other than "walk" what words do you avoid saying around your pets?
Poor people of reddit who married someone significantly richer, what suprised you about their (previous) way of life?
What does love mean to you?
What food tastes better microwaved?
What games are you in love with and why?
Whats the best way to love someone?
Any bad fast food experiences?
What animals besides Dogs or Cats make really good first pets?
In your opinion, what is the best rock album of all-time?
Short-sleepers of Reddit, do you ever feel tired when you wake up or during the day?
Which country's food you like best?
Grew up in a 3rd world country.. how do you burry your dead pets?
What moment did you experience while traveling that made you realize how important traveling is?
Would you take a 2nd college degree that almost, if not fall under totally different discipline from your first?
What do you hate/love about the internet?
Why did you switch out of your college major? Would you ever go back?
[Serious] Married people of reddit, what dirt do you have about your partner that would really ruin them?
/u/AutoModerator on What is/would be your well of food or brand, as in a type of food or a brand that you would buy regularly if you were well off?
Americans of Reddit, if you could secede 3 States in favour of Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and Guam, which states would they be?
What is the most catholic states in America/USA?
Would you rather eat 💩 that tastes like your favorite food or be able to eat your favorite food but the after taste tastes like 💩? Tell me your answer and why?
People who have lost pets at any time in their lives, when were you hit with "They're seriously gone and never coming back"?
Does &lt;&lt; love from the first sight&gt;&gt; exists ?
/u/AutoModerator on Have you ever had something happen to you that could be described as ”ALABAMA:100”?
[Serious] In addition to FASFA and Pell: what are other ‘less known’ programs/ways to assist with paying for college?
Majority of the world loves Japan.. But what do "really" hate about japan? (People, place, culture, etc.)
Who’s waking up early early tomorrow and can’t sleep yet?
What are some purchases you loved but will now regret for the rest of your life?
What species of pets have you had and which ones will you never get again?
What movie has bad ratings but you still love?
What is the weirdest thing that gives you chills/shivers?
People that work in fast food, what is something you wish you could tell people before they ate at your restaurant?
What makes people talk shit about others behind their backs?
"Intelligent", good and Physics but bad at Math. Help?
Redditors with life threatening illnesses, what has been helpful from loved ones and what has not?
The world is now a rom com, you are the main character. What do you do?
Is trance music popular in Netherlands? i know that most famous trance djs - producers come from Netherlands, do Dutch people love trance?
If you can use a song to describe your love life, what can it be?
What are some thoughtful things you can do for your SO to show them how much love and care about them?
What drama is currently going down in the world of your hobby that the rest of us probably haven't heard about?
People who use recreational drugs on their own to relax/enjoy yourself after a long day? What's your routine? Do you have a spot? Do you like certain to have foods/drinks around? Do you watch movies/shows or do you just sit there, daydreaming?
What makes you happy?
If you have a pet you use as a therapy animal for others (i.e. hospitals, nursing homes, victims of mass shootings, etc), what kind of effects do they have on the people in question? Do you think that using pets for that should be implemented more often?
Clumsy people of reddit, what is the worst thing you have dropped, knocked over, or broken?
If Reddit is normie, what isn't?
People that love their career, what do you do?
What are the best college hacks when you study in UAE?
(former) college RA's, what's the weirdest thing you've seen?
Etika Fans: What was your favourite moment from Etikas Streams?
what are your pieces of advice for people who just finished school/college/university and are starting their 'adult' lives now?
humans of reddit, what exotic secret have you been holding for years that you've never told anyone?
Police pulled you over and during search they pulled an unlicenced bazooka out of you pocket. What do you do and what is your defence?
[Serious] Landlord says I can only have a pet if it lives in a cage. What are some good pets that live in cages?
Somewhere out there exists a song you’ve never heard of that, if you listened to it, would be your favorite above all else. There’s also a food out there you’ve never tried that would be your favorite. Which would you rather be introduced to and why?
So my popular section is set on hot posts and global but its is still filled with random posts from my contries sub reddit. How do i fix?
Do you like Balls slapping against you
What was your worst injury as a kid?
What is something you do that seems normal to you, but everyone else thinks is weird?
What was the biggest fight you had in school?
[Serious] What should you always bring on a camping trip, other than the basics of food, water, shelter, entertainment, first aid/medications, and clothes?
When did you know you were in love?
Fast food employees of Reddit: What's the dumbest thing you've seen a customer do?
When’s the best time to transfer colleges?
What is the thing that you want to experience for the first time again?
What place is an exception when it comes to preparing a food you normally hate?
If a 16 year old boy dates a 14 year old girl, should they break up when the boy is 18 and the girl is 16?
US college students, assuming you used the common app in applying, what did you write your essay about?
What is one food,meal,or snack you used to love when you were younger, but now hate to eat?
How weird would you say it is to feel like no one really understands you except the music you listen to and the albums that you love?
What's your kink?
What's something normal in your country that is absurd to others?
Why does reddit suddenly love Keanu Reeves so much and what does this mean for Elon Musk (no hate)?
Casino employees or guests of reddit, whats the biggest loss of money you’ve ever witnessed?
Slow thinkers of reddit: How do you feel about your disadvantage?
Health inspectors of Reddit: are you able to eat at fast food and sit down restaurants or do the things you’ve seen make it hard?
What's the best way to gain weight, for underweight people?
Hey Reddit, people have recently been telling me to be a YouTuber using my worthless design degree skills, I even have a small YouTube channel I have mild success with. Should I become a YouTuber?
Reddit, whats the most disgusting food you’ve eaten?
What thing do you wish was real?
People of reddit, if you have found love at first sight. How did you know?
Redditors who are not subscribed to CatFacts, where do you get your daily dose of feline factoids from?
What are some foods that you were surprised to learn are just local to you, and not very well known outside of your area?
Take-out delivery drivers, what is the scariest thing you have encountered while delivering food?
people of reddit, is love enough?
What is on top of your dresser? Is it a mess or is it a loveable creation of wonder? Or is it just a shelf for storing snacks?
What are some good food options to bring to work?
You have to take a G or PG movie and make it rated R. What movie do you choose and how is it different?
What does love mean to you?
What is your abuse story?
People who love their job, career or place of employment... what do you do and where do you work?
/u/AutoModerator on Maybe I’m old...maybe bc I have no idea what is going on in the world but why does everyone love Keanu Reeves so much?
Subway workers of Reddit, what’s the worst/weirdest sub you’ve ever made?
Redditors, when you were low on cash what ideas of cheap food did you come up with?
Can everyone do this or is something wrong with me?
What is your most funniest moment on Facebook?
Is it better to be loved, or feared?
Optometrists of reddit, I can't get my hands on beta blockers to reduce pressure of the intra-ocular nerve. What would Amlodipine + Atorvastatin do?
[Serious] Children of anti-vaxxers, how did you manage to finally become vaccinated?
What were the grossest things you have found in your school food?
What was your favorite thing you loved watching (TV shows, Cartoons, Movies, etc.), but now you never do &amp; don't want to watch?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 79 times in a week?
/Seriously
If You Had The World’s Attention For 30 Seconds, What Would You Say?
What's a quick test to see if someone of the opposite sex is interested in you to date possibly other than just asking them out?
What’s a sentence you can say both during sex and at a dinner with your parents?
What are some easy, stress free, low responsibility summer jobs for teens and college students?
What didn't you bring to a college dorm that you really hated not having?
[serious]What happend in the worst day of your life ?
What is your favorite food to eat when you have a cold?
Does anyone have any suggestions for really good desk lamps?
Do you know a good recipe for these subway cookies?
What is the scariest thing to happen to you or a loved one
Why do people love Polaroid cameras so much?
What's a good college laptop to use that has 8GB of ram and 512GB or 1TB of hard drive storage?
What food/toy/etc. been discontinued that you loved?
Redditors who have been involved with a restraining order, what's your story?
People who have tried communicating with a deceased loved one, do you feel like it’s ever actually worked or that you’ve gotten some kind of response?
What’s something you’ve never seen time-lapsed that you’d love to see time-lapsed?
How do you feel today and why?
What is something someone thought was good but it turned out to be horrible?
What’s you favorite kind of food?
Harry Potter question: What house was Hagrid in?
What is the best way you find to deal with a loss of a loved one, be that a family member or pet?
If superpowers had opposites called lousypowers, what would they be?
What is one food that you will not eat, unless something is added to it or you put it in something?
adults of reddit, what’s the difference between being in love as an adult and being in love as a teenager?
What is the scariest thing that you have ever seen a loved one do?
(Serious) How do you deal with feelings of unrequited love toward someone? What’s the relationship dynamic like? Why?
Hey all, I created this account for the sole purpose of a college assignment. If y'all see this can you please head over to https://twitter.com/ProjectPurpleG1 to like and comment on the two posts?
What is the best form of homie love you’ve seen?
What's a food combination that sounds awful but tastes amazing?
What is the thing you most love (or hate) about reddit?
What is your life's "Arc"?
What amazing thing sounds lame when said out loud?
If you could go back to college, what would you have studied and why?
What was something you thought you were very sneaky about doing as a kid, that looking back you realize everyone knew?
What method of torture would you fear most?
What is the most misquoted quote?
How to fall in love with space and universe?
What product works oddly well for something it wasn’t intended for?
Is there anyone else that loves when girls with sexy feet and toes wear flat sandals?
Has anyone had a “running away with circus” situation where they just packed up everything and started over? Did it turn out better or worse than imagined?
What drama is happening with your pets?
What did you do that someone else got blamed for?
What’s your favorite food?
Should hospitality places discount the price if you ask to remove something or should they add extra of other ingredients to justify the full price or do they charge you the full price not adding extras and still removing what you asked giving you less food for the same price?
Lunch servers of reddit, what was the food everyone went crazy for?
Will staying away from loved ones can make my loneliness go away?
Do farm animals taste different depending on what you feed them?
Who would be the at top of the food chain if humans didnt exist?
What is your favorite Asian food?
Programmers of reddit what is the best and easiest programming language to learn for a beginner
gamers of reddit, what is a game you love so much you cant stop playing?
Slap ass
What fast food chain do you feel is overrated?
What is the best PC single player games to play without sound?
Is law school worth it
Do you ever get over your first love?
For all college students what made you realize that this is noting like high school?
Any suggestions with what jobs I should look for after college? Also when should I start applying for those jobs?
How do you get a ban lifted? I was banned from r/funny for posting memes (I was new). I have read the rules and I agree that I didn't follow them properly. I have reached out to the mods with no luck. Please help, I would love to post again
What's the insanest batshit moment you've seen someone go crazy in?
What is an activity that most people love doing that you wish you enjoyed?
Why do people ask twice or more if you would like to try their home-made food, when you firmly say no for the 1st time?
Does anyone else love flipping coins for fun?
Pringles (chips) lovers of Reddit, what's your favo(u)rite chip flavo(u)r and why? Describe in immense unnecessary detail.
Who would you love to watch getting themselves off and why?
Have you ever dated a celebrity/high-profile person without being one yourself? What was it like?
Redditors who've pooped before, what's the best poop you've ever taken and what made it so great?
What is in your opinion the best thing about young love? The time when you are dating but not married
What is your favorite food besides ass?
Invest or go to college
Fellow D.C. Metro Area college students of Reddit, what is the best way to find a date in the summer without using dating apps or sneaking into bars/nightclubs?
How do you deal with your loved one sneaking cigarettes when they are trying to quit?
[Serious] What do you love more: toe cheese or puke?
Famous people of Reddit, what do you miss most about being a nobody?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is a small thing customers do that brightens your day?
People who have been on trial for a crime: what were the moments before and after the verdict was read like for you?
What was the name you had when you were in your school or collage ?
What would you do when you’ve fallen in love with someone who GENUINELY believes the earth is flat?
Did Jesus die for the sins of Neanderthals or did god only decide to love homo sapiens?
Fathers of Reddit, help us here. What is a Father's Day present you would love, but we as wives, we will never think about? The perfect gift, just keep it real.
You have to fake your own death or everyone and everything you love would get killed/destroyed.How are you gonna fake your death,if you choosed to do it?
What is the best way to tell your crush you care about her, without letting her know you love her?
My would someone choose to work fast food, when they could pretty much be doing the same job at an actual restaurant with no experience required and make far more money?
Complete the sentence, “I love it when…
What’s a time you thought people were laughing with you, but looking back, they were laughing at you?
Why boys fail in the college ?
What's the worst way you've ever seen an employee treated in the food industry?
What would be your personal list of Rules to Follow (like the Zombieland movie) in a zombie apocalyptic world?
What do you regret least about college?
Do you, sometimes, think about someone from your high school or college who wasn't your friend or crush. And why do you think about him/her?
How are you lovely people?
What is the worst song you ever listened to?
What is a fictional food you wish was real?
What's the scariest thing that happened in your town?
What is/was your college major and why did you choose it?
What are some really simple things that took you longer than it should have to figure it out?
What was the dumbest reason you got suspended for or got in trouble for?
Hey Reddit what's your favorite gaming food and gaming position
What is one food that you swear tastes better when eaten out the freezer
Music lovers of Reddit, in what ways do different types of music affect your mood?
What is a Movie or TV franchise that shouldn't be popular yet is?
Americans of Reddit. Why do you love Pickups (like Ford F-150) so much?
Restaurant cooks of Reddit - How often do you ACTUALLY do terrible things to a customer's food when they're pissing off you / the wait staff? Is it as common as people think?
Have you ever broken up with someone you love because of life circumstances? Did you reconnect?
People that have pets, when have they saved your life?
Are fast food companies to blame for obese people, or are the people themselves to blame?
Why is it that when you see Chinese people passing through border control on TV documentaries they always have suitcases full of undeclared food?
Popeyes employees, what's the craziest thing you've seen someone do there?
People of reddit who work in forensics, what is the weirdest object you've had to examine?
What’s your favorite food?
If you had to plan 1 week, including general schedule (not minute by minute), not including things like specific clothes / food, which would repeat every week for the next 10 years, what would your week be?
What jobs would you never do because "they can't pay me enough to do that..."?
What is one necessary item I should bring to college?
What was the worst thing your sibling/s has done to you or someone else?
What to do when you're bored and have no money untill college starts in september?
What is your love story similar to the movie " my sassy girl " ?
What are the great tips you know to survive or at least do good in college?
If you could add a word of your invention to the dictionary, what would it be?
What prepared or packaged meal or food item from a restaurant or store tastes and looks exactly the same as it did ten or more years ago?
What is the most horrifying thing that you've seen on the road?
Reddit, what are some annoying traits of loved ones that you've learned to live around?
What is your healthiest junk food?
What is the most overrated food or drink product?
Anyone got banned on our off Reddit for no-reason?
What did you hear or see that made you spit out your mouthful of food or drink due to laughter and/or shock?
What is something you hate that most other people seem to love?
Should we reinstate the draft and lower the age to 16? Why or why not?
What is something you do that really makes you love yourself?
Redditors on game shows, what did you win?
What is your love story that started horribly, but ended with a happy ending?
What is a song you hated as a kid but love as an adult?
When did you realize that you love your partner?
What food did you try for the firs time, and liked it?
What is the most food you have ever eaten before you got sick?
Dear sleep lovers of Reddit, what's your favorite sleeping position and why?
People of Reddit with a stammer, do your thoughts stammer as well as your voice? Also, how does having a stammer affect your life?
What is your favorite food you like to eat on your birthday?
Extremely rich people of reddit. Whats the most belligerent way that you've spent your money? Also, please give me 20,000$ so i can blow it with my girlfriend?
Pet owners of Reddit, what are some weird nicknames you give your pets?
What once in a lifetime opportunity did you turn down only to end up regretting it?
College goers of reddit, what is your most embarrassing memory from college?
How much does it cost to put somebody through college? What are the hidden costs?
Is it wrong for HBC (historically black colleges) to not want to accept students based upon their race to preserve their history?
[Serious] People who survived natural disasters, how did you do it
What weird nicknames do you have for your pets?
Current college students or college grads: What is (was) your favorite thing about going to college and being on campus?
Guys of reddit, what is something you appreciate/respect a girl doing, but it rarely happens?
Chocolate makes dogs sick, mushrooms makes humans happy, what other types of foods and animal combos are there that lead to different wild effects?
What do you love to see others wearing?
I'm starting to worry...
What's a food that you used to hate but now you love?
Redditors who found love in a hopeless place, how?
What is the worst food/drink to consume after brushing your teeth?
couples of reddit, what would you do if your loved one gets an uncurable disease?
What would be tasty food if consumed over rice?
Couples who hated each other when they first met, what made you fall in love?
What is it like to be in love?
What is your all time favorite comfort pig out food?
What is an identity really, what does it consist of? How is it formed and what is its nature?
Hello Reddit, If you had to choose only one food &amp; drink combination for the rest if your life, what would that combination be?
Waiters of Reddit,what is the most disgusting thing you have seen a customer do with their food?
What's your pets name?
What superpower do you think you have?
People who have been caught in love triangles, what’s your story?
What is your most loved romantic moment that you remember?
How probable is it that most of the humanity won't die from global warming, climate changes, water crisis etc. in a few decades ? Is there any hope left ?
What are some great exercise tips for someone who struggles with knee pain and hip pain?
Why are there so many homeless people in Los Angeles?
What are two words that go together that you wish didn't?
Ask reddit
What was your first gf or love like?
Redditors who are not in the job they love. How much did they first payed you to give up on your dreams? And what is this job?
What food do you hate more than medicine?
People who did acid what was it like?
Fellow reddittors I was wondering if I wanted to improve my audio quality for my pc should I use pci soundcard, external soundcard or an amplifier?
What is the weirdest food combo that you LOVE?
when was the last time you told your parents you love them?
How deep is your love?
Service workers of Reddit, how early before operating hours do you have to come in to prep food?
What's a family tradition y'all love?
Why does Trump hate Mexico so much?
Dog owners of reddit, do any of your dogs love going in open bodies of water but hate having to take a shower?
What are your favorite food recipes to bring over to someone's house as a surprise?
What was your favorite comfort food growing up?
Fast food workers, what was the moment you realized that the food was NASTY?
For people who live in countries with free college, what incentives do you have to do well in high school?
What kid's show you can watch and still enjoy?
Developers of Reddit is it easier to build a SSRS report all in one or chunks?
The GF and I use the CW app to watch some of their programming, and it works fantastic. Ads aren't wonky, the show signal is strong, etcetera. Why can the CW do streaming like a broadcast network on demand but CBS and other channels require subscriptions?
[SERIOUS] Anyone been mocked for a hobby they love?
Have you fallen asleep in a public place? What happened when you woke up?
Will eating really spicy food help you prepare for burning in Hell?
What is something you love but would stop getting or using if you had to pay for it.
Why is it that the person that you love the most will be the person that will hurt you the most?
How do you feel about sharing your Reddit id with people you know in real life?
What did you try that didn't work?
Etika's death is currently getting alot of publicity. Are there any other celebrities who's death "slipped under the radar?"
Why do some people keep chewing their fingernails but when I put some in their food they are like "eww what the fuck"?
Who would you vote for Donald Trump or the Democratic challenger?
What story would you love to tell but never thought would reach the front page?
What is the most lucrative college side hustle that is not selling drugs?
What is the greatest advice about love you’ve ever been told?
32, dead end job that I hate, I feel like I'm at the point in life where if I don't do something now, I never will. Deciding between going back to college to get my bachelor's or going to trade school. What are the pro/cons of each? And if you were in my shoes what would you do? Thanks Reddit.
What are some things that both a lover and a serial killer can say?
You have to kill your family for $1 billion dollars, how do you outsmart the man offering you money so you can get the cash and keep your family?
Fedora Haters of Reddit, what is it specifically that makes you loathe them?
How are caloric values in foods calculated?
If all US states had a representative superhero, what would thier names and superpowers be?
What is the most retarted thing that happend to you in school/college?
What do you think of the word ,”chuck” ?
How does one get a boy/girlfriend?
Disneyland staff of Reddit, did you ever witness anything not so magical?
What weird things piss you off and you don't really know why?
Is college really worth it nowadays?
70s, 80s, and 90s kids of Reddit, how did you survive long car rides as a child?
If you're invited to a friend's house for dinner, do you do your prep work at home or take your food with you to cook at their place?
How do you know if you’ve fallen out of love?
People of Reddit, can we make this the most upvoted post in Reddits history?
What tip would you give to someone who's a newbie in programming ?
What book made you change something meaningful about yourself/how you behave?
[serious] People of Reddit who have lost a loved one, if you could say one more thing to that person, what would you say?
What is a food that was normal to you, but when your friends found out you at it they said it was weird?
How would you take revenge on your mortal enemy?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What food does everyone loves, but you hate?
What's the worst food combo you can think of?
In your experience, what’s a situation that got so big it’d have been solved with a simply apology?
For those who have worked in the restaurant industry, what was the worst thing you did to a customers food?
Studying Robotics soon. If you could have a personal robot to do ONE task flawlessly, what would it be?
What is the strangest thing you've been told by quiche?
What's the one food you could never bring yourself to eat?
What is a food that you love but everyone else hates?
Is it rude for a deaf person to talk (sign) with their mouth full of food and if it is why?
I think I fell in love with a 16 years old girl, I'm 21. What should I do?
whats the worst food youve ever seen someone eat?
If you had to pick one genre and era of music since the 40s as the most creative and inventive, which would you choose?
What is you favorite food?
What do you think people don’t worry about enough?
Which actor do you love that hasn't been working much lately?
How the heck did people send emails and texts and do facetime before electricity existed?
My wife reminded me about a video that I saw once on YouTube. I thought it was funny, but I think I was almost alone. It was filmed from an unknown man's pov, and the short clip was a parody of cooking videos. He'd basically rampage around his house wasting lots of food, grunting and breathing.
If you were given the power to have your pets understand you but only for 30 seconds, what would you tell them?
Attention chubby /fat people why do I feel like I can eat so much than when the foods ready I barely eat
Bendable Silicone Dildo Sex Vibrator - G Spot Stimulator (USB Charged) with 10 Vibrational Settings for Women - Bendable&amp; Waterproof &amp; Quiet Sex Toy- Adult Toy for Couples, Pink, Lyps Madison?
Is anyone pooping right now while scrolling through Reddit?
What's something you love but everyone else hates?
What's your weirdest combination of food combination that you love but everyone else thinks is wack?
How do you think world is gonna end?
Redditors of Reddit, what's a fucked up thing you've seen at another persons house?
[Serious] Medical professionals of Reddit, which patient had the strangest symptoms to treat, and what was their eventual diagnosis?
What’s your most addictive food or snack that you can’t stop eating once you’ve started?
What food combo tastes delicious AND is shockingly low-calorie?
What are some tips on dealing with difficult customers in retail?
What is your favourite food/drink for a movie night?
Why must you tell me all your secrets, when it's hard enough to love you knowing nothing?
When did your child first say “I love you”?
What car do you have &amp; why do you love/hate it?
Redditors what's the weirdest thing that happened to you when you were travelling by bus?
Restaurant cooks of Reddit - What can a customer do to guarantee you're gonna screw with their food?
What story do you love telling people but rarely get the chance to?
What should a college student know how to cook?
What’s something that could completely change video games (for the better) if it were invented?
Hello Redditors, what’s your current career?
How do you learn to not feel bad after getting angry at someone?
What is your favourite thing?
[Serious] Those who have lost a loved one to suicide, how have you coped with it?
What’s your most embarrassing memory that you can’t help but think back at?
What is your countries most underrated food?
Why is it considered funny when people ask where theirs is when you show up with food from somewhere?
Since I live outside USA and most subreddits are from there I would love to know when a redditor should post
What are your or your partner's "Babe, do you stil love me?" funny/dumb moments?
What happened that stopped you from following your BIG dream and do you regret not following them?
Pet owners of Reddit, whats the funniest thing you pets have done
What joke is so bad that its good?
What’s something that you loved doing as a child, and still want to do it, but would be really awkward as an adult?
Why people in the US doesn't use curtains?
r/nba answers r/AskReddit
What’s something universally hated that you love and why?
I was sexing on my GF with my genitals a lot and my "turtle" got out of its tank. I put food all over the house so he won't be lonely. How can i make him love me again and come back?
How do lesbian parents deal with breastfeeding?
What’s a really good prank for a person or people that doesn’t cause any harm or permanent damage?
How do you think the world will end?
Dear members of the LGBTQ+ of Reddit, how did you come out to your loved ones, and what advice would you have for someone who is trying to do something similar?
What is your favorite “poor people” food?
Fast food lovers of Reddit, I entreat you; which fast food chain is the superior chain, and why?!
What was a moment you were thinking: ,,That could’ve been me?”
What is the worst sex problem you've ever heard of?
Redditors with autism: how does your autism affect your job and day to day life?
Men of reddit who don't even lift. Why do you feel it's necessary to wear weightlifting gloves?
What is the worst thing your pets have ever done?
What pisses you off more than it should?
What’s a really aggressive way of telling someone you love them?
To the females- 6pack or 8pack? How do you like men's abs?
Have you ever accidentally run over an animal?
If you could turn into any one animal at will what would it be?
What is the best way to eat ice cream?
What healthy food tastes good as well?
What’s that you hate starting to do but actually love it when you are already in?
What current bands or artists would you love to see live at least once? (Any region, any genre, any language)
When was the moment real life hit you?
How to pay for food
where do you spend cryptocurrencies?
People who love their jobs, what do you do and why do you like it so much?
What foods aren't as healthy as we think they are?
Food lovers, what is the worst and best thing you've ever eaten?
What's your favorite food?
What should i do about my love ones not being able to all be together for my birthday because of my father? I could really use all the advice on this. I just don't know what to do anymore. It's causing me nothing but stress and making me really upset.
May I see a photo of your pets?
Do y’all ever sing in the shower and when you don’t know a part you just mumble all embarrassed because you think someone might be listening to you?
People with food allergies, what are you tired of hearing ?
If you take the Cheese out of Mac &amp; Cheese is it just mac? Is that what the shells/noodles are called, Mac?
What statistic would you love to see?
What’s a niche reason you love or hate summer time?
What are some of the moments from your childhood that haunts you?
Where is a good place to go camping in US? Needs to be safe.
What’s the most admiral thing you’ve done?
You are immortal, what would you do with eternity?
What’s the worst thing you have ever had to tell someone?
[SERIOUS] Couples of reddit, when you confessed to your love, what made you accept?
If French is supposedly the language of love, what is your language the language of?
Why do people spend so much extra money to have their food delivered
Why do you think college is/was a scam?
What's the most embarassing thing in your browser history that isn't porn?
What is a song/movie/book/piece of media you can’t help but love, even though the story/message is extremely disturbing/disgusting?
If you were the main hero/villain of a book, how would the writer describe/introduce you to the readers?
People who worked at or frequented a Mom &amp; Pop Asian food eatery, what happened that made you wonder if the rumors were true?
What food actually tastes better the next day?
I love clicker mobile apps (e.g. cookie clicker)! Do you know of any good ones?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
Who is worse: a girl who loves to date bullies or a girl who loves to date racists?
How do you move on from losing a loved one?
[Serious]People who want to be in love, but can't see it happening, how do you cope?
What extreme foods cannot be endured by regular people without proper "training"?
Anal?
What did you use to absolutely hate but now absolutely love?
What video game do you think deserves much more praise and why?
How do you know your in love ?
What is the ultimate fast food sauce?
Gay guy bullied by another gay guy at work - advice?
'Muricans: why do so many self-proclaimed lovers of Jesus H. Christ in the USA also display unwavering support and adoration for Donald J. Trump?
Who do you wish you were balls deep in right now?
Music lovers: how do you react to fake fans?
Agree/Disagree: You can respect without love, but you can’t love without respect.
Replace the word “heart” with “fart” in any song: What song becomes much funnier?
What movie was highly criticized by critics and fans when it was released, but with time we have come to love?
Do y’all love it when your employers question every min of your bathroom breaks or what?
What part about your own personality do you like the most?
What are some fun online event ideas for a college fest ?
If you have experienced the loss of a loved one, how did you feel when you found out about their death?
What advice do you have for someone about to move to college? Can be anything, major or minor.
Whats a purely nice thing you have done for someone or someone has done for you just because? Far too much negativity around these days!
LGBT Redditors, how did you come out?
When did "Found the -ist or -phobe" become a legitimate argument in response to people who think differently than college-aged leftists?
People of Reddit, what's the worst example of road rage you've ever experienced?
Guys who’ve stuck their dick in the vacuum cleaner, how was it?
Why do you have trouble breathing after eating?
Does anyone else just like simple food and is not interested in trying new dishes like frogs legs or food gras! Why do people want me to eat their weird shit. What is wrong with just eating steak and chicken wings on special occasions?
What was the first thing you did when you graduated from college?
What's the worst food you've ever had?
What food combinations do other people love but you can't stand?
Men of Reddit, when has your penis betrayed you?
Kaj je presenetljivo dobro plačana služba v Sloveniji?
Does anyone have that sensation where, if you eat too fast (and its a food you are fond of) you start to get a ton of saliva and it becomes really hard to swallow?
Roommate keeps on vaping on my food. In my pizza box, on my noodles. It’s almost like he can’t help himself. Not sure what to do about this. Would like some help please.
What are some simple things you can do to love yourself more?
What is one thing you tell yourself not to do, yet you still do it over and over again.
What’s one thing that you love that everyone hates
Craziest college party story that you will never forget?
If you could change one thing in the course of history up until the planet was formed, what would you do and why?
Who is a fictional death you just cant get over?
Non-Europeans, have you heard of Eurovision?
Can you be banned for having negative karma?
What kind of fetish makes you roll your eyes?
People that are ex-religious, what parts of said religion still linger?
People who slide into celebrities dm’s, what’s the best message or experience you have?
How did you find the love of your life?
What was the interesting way your crush found out about your love for them?
what’s a food you wished you liked?
What is the worst tasting fast food restaurant?
What are you passionate about doing and why do you love doing it?
People who had a falling out with their parents, what do you feel now?
No, this is NOT OFFICIAL!
The love of your life just broke up with you. What reason do they give, that makes you say “I’m not even mad”?
Why do Whites date within the same circle of friends.?
I just joined the british ccf (combine cadet force) age 13 (m) any tips or things I should know?
Does true love still exist in this day and age?
Businesses owners of reddit, what was one low point where you really felt like giving up?
What TV character would you most have wanted to live in a college dorm with?
Americans, what is the best food that can only be found in the US to try or buy when going ty NYC for the first time? Both restaurants and groceries
When you're looking to be bad, what is you shame-spiral or guilty pleasure food?
What made you cut ties with someone you loved?
Music lovers of Reddit, what's a song to listen while smoking and watching the stars?
How did you find out not all food paired well together?
Can you tell someone is in love just by the way they look at the person they love?
What do you think of the phrase “fight for what you love”?
Those who delt with severe depression during and after college, how are you doing now? What advise can you give to us young folk?
/u/alpengeist19's accidental haiku
Happy world oceans day! Why do you love the ocean?
Do you think we should censor offensive rap lyrics aimed at homophobia and sexism?
You get one food item (no packaging) to beat up a home intruder, which food do you choose?
What food makes the smelliest farts?
What happened that made you say "yeah... I fucked up."?
Fuck hoes or wait for a gf you love until you have sex for the first time?
Are there any countries that love Americans? If so, what are they?
Why are white pple racist especially towards black pple?
Guys who went to college in the 90's how was the relationship between the two individuals then like how was college love then than compared to now?
Females of Reddit, what are some unspoken rules that guys should follow when around other females?
What chemicals are in meth?
What is a quirk of your culture?
Is love a choice?
If you could buy one thing for free, what would it be?
It must be amazing being a cat - free massages any time you want, free board, free food, and you always land on your feet.. Why?
People of the American South, what do you love about the South?
What's something you hated for a loved one to do but miss it now?
Did you know that there is no such thing as god and that Jesus is fake ?
Instead of this college welfare.. why dont we just go directly to UBI? You can take that extra cash and pay down your student debt while the rest of us who went another route and use it for other means. I think we need to share this welfare pie. What does reddit think?
How would it affect your relationship if your significant other decided to come clean about an ongoing love affair they've been having with a sea lion?
Which cultures food is your favorite?
If Pixar made a Toy Story but for adults, what kind of adult toys would they include in the movie?
How do you fall in love with someone? What is necessary for that to happen?
What is the best fast food restaurant?
Why are people mad that Taylor Swift made a video supporting the LGBT community? Shouldn’t we be happy that there’s so much support for the community instead of trying to call “exploitation” all the time?
People of Reddit who were taste testers for food companies, what is the worst thing you sampled and why?
Tinder users of Reddit, have you ever fallen in love with someone on the app? what's the story?
What's your pets original name and the progression to the most weird thing you call them?
People who studied something in college and went on to do something completely different, how are you doing?
What is the most awkward thing that happened when you were drunk?
If we don’t deserve dogs, then why do we still have them as pets? Why don’t we just release them into the wild?
What's the one fictional food/drink you wish you could try from a movie/book/game etc.
Reddit, what is love?
what was the most annoying kid in class?
What dies it feel like to be socially popular?
Redditors ,what is that one country you believe few people have heard of but is absolutely peaceful and lovely to be born in?
If you've been with your partner awhile, what is something they do that makes you feel loved?
Your love of your life hanging on cliff on high mountain you catch their hand with on and see a abandoned gold chest and grab it with the other hand you cant lift both up and most let go of one what do you choose?
What's your weird food combo?
[Serious] What are the best songs to have sex to?
Do you find it sad if a college classmate unfriended you on facebook?
Pizza Deliverers, what is the craziest house you delivered to?
What famous movie prop would you love to own?
People who have worked at 7-Eleven, how long do you keep food in the warmers?
What was it like watching a deceased loved one being cremated?
What is the must eat food in Chicago?
So I’m in high school, and started to snap this chick also in high school. Found out she loves memes, and we both have a sick twisted sense of humor and we love that about eachother. Oh and she’s also pretty hot. I’m pretty sure I could get nudes and/or try to ask her out pretty quickly. Thoughts?
Who here knows any good love/romantic movies?
Did you suffer from Post High School/Graduation depression?
[Discussion] What other The Last Kingdom type shows would you love to see from the perspectives of another guy/woman in history?
Which movie character are you obsessed with and why?
What's that obviously unhealthy food/drink you just cannot resign?
What food pairing do you secretly love, but the broad population would give you poop for?
why does it seem like pornstars don't have attractive face but great bodies and for models it's the complete opposite?
What is one thing (Music, food, tv etc) that gives you a feeling of nostalgia?
Why must cows be killed for food?
Have a professor in college been inappropriate towards you? If so how did you handle that?
What has been the best way someone has confessed their love for you?
What's the most recent 'new' word you discovered?
Why do some fast food chains have difficulty hiring good employees while other fast food organizations hire folks that provide exceptional service?
Fast Food workers of Reddit, what gross secrets should we know about the food?
What mind if is tours life kind can be done by the fill under the sin of night site of URL on the dead fish stomach?
[Serious] How did the first time you really fell in love with someone affect you and what did it teach you?
What is this one thing you want to change from your past, which doesn't affect you present?
I need some help, I'm starving right now, can't sleep, at 12:06 AM, I'd love to get some food but don't wanna be more chubby or gain any weight, what should I do?
How do blind people use smartphone?
I love music and listen to it daily but I don’t have enough songs in my Spotify playlist. I’ll listen to any genre and I love songs with heavy bass, upbeat songs and songs you can tap your foot to. Any suggestions?
What were you doing in the final hour before you lost a loved one?
Ladies, ways of getting your prefered dance partner's attention at clubs?
What genre of music do you think your pets would enjoy
What foods do you love the taste of, but smell absolutely disgusting to you? Or Vice-versa.
What's the most uncomfortable situation possible?
If the rest of the civilized world can have free college and medicine but The USA “can’t do it”, does it really make them the best country?
Is it possible to keep away from drama in college life?
What do most people love, but you find it disgusting.
What life would you want; Captain America or Captain Jack Sparrow? And why?
What are some life-hacks for a college student?
People of reddit who have been through NDEs, what was the near death experience like for you guys?
I have a friend that is a religious and political radical, and what do I do? Any stories that involve friends that are radicals?
What if love didn't exist?
What is your love story?
Chef’s and food preparers alike! How do you measure using your hands, rather than using measuring cups, serving sizes, etc?
People of reddit who have survived a home invasion what's your story
You have been cursed by witch in where you only have a year to live. Yet, for every person that your able to make them kiss you (consensually), you get a year added onto your life. What’s your strategy to stay alive?
Teachers of reddit, what’s the saddest thing you’ve overheard a student say?
Which banned subreddit would you love to bring back?
What kind of trouble can you get into if your purposely making lewd gestures or comments to your neighbors who love to peep into your own yard?
What food or drink are you addicted to at the moment?
What was the reason you chose your college major?
What Song/Singer makes you feel extremely happy?
What is the weirdest local version of a popular food item?
How would you feel if someone you aren't on good terms with texted you happy birthday?
What song do you like the most? and Why?
Have you ever loved an animal more than its owner did, and if so, what was the story?
What common/widely liked food do you hate?
You have to live 50 years or above even in a bunker 8 meters wide and 24 meters long alone ( 1 pet allowed).What food, items that you would bring to prepare yourself ?
How do we get stores to stock pet food in separate aisles thats normally kept with cleaning chemicals?
What is the biggest mistery you would love to solve? Please share your thoughts and theories if you want.
Why do cats have such a tough time eating food? It’s always falling out of their mouth and they have to try extremely hard to not make a huge mess?
What's a food combination that sounds gross but is actually good?
What is your truly heartbreaking "unrequited love" story?
Rich people of reddit, how did you make it?, what did you study back in college?, any advise\tips for the next generation?.
What's a food you love but other people hate ?
What is a food combination you like that sounds gross or abnormal to most people?
I like ketchup on cornbread. What strange food combination(s) do you like?
Do you resent someone who you're supposed to love? Why?
What is the most iconic duo you can name by just describing them and not using any names
What food did you hate as a child but later came to love?
If everyone but you froze (but can still see and hear) for two hours, is there anything you would still take advantage of knowing you can be easily seen and heard?
What is the scariest thing you have experienced or found on the internet ?
What confused you most in college?
What is one thing you love about being single?
Deaf People of Reddit: What Are the Most Rdiculous Attempts at Fake Sign Language You Have Seen?
What band did you used to love that you can't stand now? And why?
You travel back in time to 1700's America with nothing but what you have in your pockets/hands right now. What do you do?
What is the best breakfast food?
/u/AutoModerator on Does anyone have advice for recuperating from food poisoning? I survived, but still feel like death. Any advice would be appreciated.
Pagans of Reddit, what particular gods are you fond of?
Which celebrity would you describe as an awful person yet still love?
Is There anyone who loves to ride a scooter?
What was your weirdest food combination meals growing up?
Have you eaten something that's not food? What was it? What happened?
People of reddit do you have any pets and if you have one what is it?
Girls what food items have you used to masturbate with?
People who have their life together, how does that feel?
If the love of your life was wrongfully imprisoned for 15 years (with no chance of early release), Would you leave or wait for them and why?
Why you love your pet Most ?
[Serious] Should rapists be chemically sterilized and chemically castrated?
What two foods together would make the worst combo?
Can anyone explain this guy's stuff on Google images and Instagram, his name is alexsandro palombo
Do you put the pasta in BEFORE the water starts to boil, or after?
I’m a UK citizen. I have the chance to go UK + Irish dual citizenship. Given Brexit, is this worth doing?
Parents of Reddit, what’s your “I love you but I want to kill you right now” moment with your child(ren)?
Which has better food: Subway or Dairy Queen (not counting the ice cream)?
What’s okay if you’re a college freshman, but not if you’re a college senior?
There are a lot of crime shows these days. Do you think Hollywood romanticize criminals in movies or tv series? what do you reckon?
In liberal circles, it's quite normal to recognize social and cultural privilege - "As a white male", etc... Why is it not as normal to recognize economic privilege - "I didn't have to pay for college and my parents paid half my rent for 10 years"?
im your turbo lover tell me theres no other
What happens to you when you eat a lot of food at once - yawn, stuffy, runny nose, anything interesting?
Should I drop this college class while I can still get my money back?
What’s the worst fast food experience you’ve ever had?
If you were to completely restart your life, what advice would you take with you?
What's your soul food?
What are some rumours in the workplace or school have you heard about you(good or bad)?
I cant love my long-distance girlfriend because i still love my ex
What food would you choose to eat if you had to eat it at least once a day?
Is there a cocktail you only make at home for whatever reason?
Do you think there's people out there who wanted to be famous singers, actors, etc. but couldn't because their parents made them go to college and their parents refused to let them drop out of college?
It is the end of the world. In a sentence, what can you see?
Young men of reddit, can you tell me about the time you were 'stupid/crazy' inlove?
[Serious] Redditors how would you use Reddit, anyway you can think of, to have a relevant effect on the world itself?
Am I the only one that finds it weird that every person who makes a post about their SO goes out of their way to say "my SO whome I love to the ends of the earth and is the greatest person in the world" why do you need to clarify?
Is it normal to love an SO but not lile them at the same time?
People who eat the same food(s) every day, how long have you been eating the same food(s) and why?
[Serious]People who had loved ones who took their own life, what is something you wished you could have told them or participated in with them?
Fast food chain workers, what's a thing about your job that customers shouldn't know?
Employees of hostpitals, do you eat the same food as given to patients?
What ridiculous fear did you have as a child?
What is something that you still regret till this day?
Cat owners, how do you know your cat loves you?
What is illegal but not immoral
What do you think peoples thoughts are when falling, when they decide to commit suicide?
What do you love about Reddit?
Did anyone have a embarrassing story envolving saying "I love you" to a family member?
Is it safe to eat out children at night when living in the inner city? What are your opinions about taking your kids out at night to get food. Do you think its safer to use drivethrough restaurants as there would be less exposure to nightlife?
What innocent question has someone asked you that secretly crushed you a little inside?
How did you know you were in love for the first time?
For anyone who knew someone loved them before they confessed, How did you know? Did you wait for them to confess? Or did you talk to them about it?
Okay, Reddit - Why YOU love Keanu Reeves?
What food brands are you now loyal to, and what made you decide this?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant and why?
What is the most valuable item you have accidentally thrown out?
Music lovers/students/aficionados of reddit, do you love all genres? In your opinion which are the best and worst genres?
Is it wrong to fall out of love with a friend, even if they did nothing wrong?
Reddit chiefs:-have you experimented with food before ? Did it pay off?
Do you have any special songs that you sing your pets?
People who kept their relationship a secret from their parents, how did it work out?
What do you consider comfort food and why?
As tastebuds change throughout your life, what are some foods that you couldn't stand before but love now?
After finding the Magic Lamp from the Cave of Wonders the Magical Genie “stands by his oath, loyal to wishes 3.” What will your wishes be? You must obey the rules. No killing anyone, no reviving anyone, no making anyone fall in love, no infinite money or wishes.
What’s an underrated game from your childhood that you loved?
why do you deserve 15 dollars an hour to make my food?
What was the Moment you knew you love your Partner?
Know-it-alls of reddit, when did you realize there is something that everyone knows but you did not?
How would you feel about introducing some sexy belching into your love making sessions and why?
When I was much younger and in love with Cole Sprouse, I found provocative photos of him in a Google search in white clothing. Has anyone else seen this photo? It is no longer up.
People of reddit, if your foot is already on somebody and you “push them with it” would it be considered a kick or a push with your leg?
Divorced people of Reddit: When did you know your marriage was over?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen another student bring to school?
Hey reddit-friends! One last bite from your food is left but you didn’t realized that it was your last bite because of working or doing other stuff. How did you feel ?
What is the best food you cooked yourself?
Men who shave their armpits. Why or why not do you shave them?
you can now shapeshift,what do you do?
Redditors with gluten allergies, does this expand beyond food?
What’s keeping you from being happy and content presently?
If guns didn't exist, what would shooter games use as weapons instead?
Non-Americans, do you prefer The Office US or UK?
What do you do when you want to spoil your pets?
Curious to know: what are your favourite city-wide events that you've attended? Events that focused on Art and Creativity. I'd love to know what it was that made it so special for you, and if there were things that would have made it better, what are they?
How does a famous and deeply troubled person like Artie Lange score drugs when EVERYONE around him knows his struggles?
What is something you used to love but hate now?
Who's the worst college professor you've ever had?
What is it really like to live in LA?
What's a really good, odd food combination or pairing that you have discovered?
Students of reddit, whats the most unreasonable rule you’ve had to deal with at school?
What is an item or experience that you could absolutely buy/do(it is legal, possible, ethical and within the reach of your finances), and that you would genuinely love to buy/do—yet you haven’t for some reason?
What’s your favorite weird food combination?
What is your favorite foodie cuisine?
What's your next major birthday milestone? What's your vision of what that day will be like?
Who loves kpop here?
Engineering/Computer Science majors of reddit,How hard did you find these in college/uni?
What is the worst food to eat immediately after brushing your teeth?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the strangest request/order you have gotten?
What programming language should someone learn first without any specific goals in mind?
[Serious] People who fell in love with someone who was unavailable, how'd it end up?
Guys why would you ask a female friend if she's in love with you?
If someone had never tasted food before, what would you feed them?
What is something you wish you did back then, but not now?
What are your thoughts on people who wrap food with newspapers?
Those who traveled to foreign countries, what is the oddest thing that you notice about the food there?
What food did you never try before because it looked disgusting, but then tried it and absolutely loved it?
How get your SO to stop farting in your mouth while you sleep?
How do you think future generations will remember your generation?
Can you name something you love and something you hate about your country without saying its name?
Fast food workers, what should we never order from you?
What’s a food you used to love that you can’t stand anymore?
Fast food workers of reddit, What is the strangest thing you have heard a customer say at the drive-thru microphone?
What held you back from telling your partner you loved them?
Redditors with Significant Others, what made you fall in love with them?
What food do you like that many other people dislike?
for that relationship, are you happy that you loved and lost? or would you wanted to have just not loved at all?
Today is Valentine's Day in Brazil, so, how do you know when you're in love? And how fast do you lose interest in someone?
Married/Divorced people of Reddit who have mentally moved on. Outside of infidelity, what factors contributed to you falling out love with your spouse?
When you where a child what was your sneakiest moment? (Caught or not)
What is a food that you guys have tasted that you thought was gonna taste different in your mind?
What is your absolute favorite order at a major United States fast-food chain restaurant (to qualify, it must have a drive-thru)?
People of Reddit who lived in a house where you found out later a serious crime or murder had occurred, what was it that happened?
What beloved game do you wish you could take portable every day?
People of Reddit who dated friends after high school, how did it go ?
What is something that should be illegal but isn't?
At what age did you realise that this person is the 'Love of your Life', and are they still the love of your life?
What was your love story?
What would you say to a friend who's mad in love with a manipulative bitch and is ruining all his other relationships with friends and family?
What subculture are you judgmental of, no matter how nice the person is?
What is your turn on?
What's a song that every generations knows and loves in your country?
How to deal with family being intrusive, disrespectful people that mock my feelings?
Young men of reddit, have you ever been irrationally inlove?
Private high schoolers, how’s the food at your school?
I’ve never experienced love before. How would you describe the feeling of loving someone knowing they love you back?
What is your coming out story?
Whats your best fast food restaurant menu hack?
People of Reddit, what's a scam that you fell victim to?
People of Reddit, what's been your best "I'll take it" moment?
What's a food you thought you would hate, but actually love since you tried it?
What's something you know you're best friend did but didn't confront them about it?
Explain your username
What was your Icarus moment, where you flew too close to the sun?
How do you spend your time?
Who is/was the most overshadowed person in history?
(Simple) whats your favorite food?
Are redditors too focused on self-promotion/self-image?
[Serious] What are some jobs that require no college degree and don't require a lot of experience?
What’s a food mashup you like but others think it’s disgusting?
What are some dumb things that scare you when they shouldn’t?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done to someone you love?
Americans, why do you love affixing "-ass" to the end of adjectives?
Is a college degree necessary for for getting a good/high paying job?
Graduating class of 2023, what was one of the best memories you made in school?
[SERIOUS] What are some majors/courses that will accept you into that college to study it for free due to high demand?
Equestrians of Reddit, what was your worst fall, how did it happen and what was the aftermath of it?
If we believe in fate, then there is no point in choosing. But if there is free will, why can't we choose the fate of our love?
What weird parts of food do you like?
What shitty superpower does it feel like you have?
What would you do if you were suicidal with no help system?
Redditors of reddit, who just lost The Game?
who loves Fortunate Youth?? Why?
Started talking to this girl on Snapchat and I’m supposed to be meeting up with her to hang, going to some food place btw. But I have 0 clue on how to flirt or talk to a girl lol so need some help please and I thought what better place to ask the boys then Reddit! Plzzzzx helpppppp btw I’m 17m
I have a friend who loves Rick Astley's Never Gonna Give You Up but has never heard of Rick Rolling. I'm trying to send him ones I see. Can you share some Rick Rolls with me that I can pass on to him?
Couples of Reddit. What do you think about your S/Os body smell? Is it gross or does it turn you on. (P.s normal body odor not the sweaty smell after a full days work but you can include that too).
What do you know about indo-Europeans?
If your soul mate could live without a head, would you still love them and why?
What is a strange food combination you've had as a child?
What makes you love your life?
How would you explain the sensation of "taste" to an alien that has the other 4 main senses and consumes food, but who has no concept of taste, having never evolved taste buds?
What cover song is much, much worse than the original?
What are your favorite subreddits you go to whenever you’re bored?
What have you done that you would not suggest someone else to do?
Why do parents with rich kids will usually be successful?
What is the coliseum of the internet and who are the gladiators?
Poor college students of Reddit, what tricks have you learned to make money stretch?
What are your thoughts on Bob Lazar's UFO stories?
Why do drinks get hot when you leave them out but food gets cold?
should people with problematic political opinions be allowed access to food stamps/EBT, why or why not?
What is the dumbest thing you've purchased?
What's the worst thing you've found in your food?
Naval Officers Of Reddit, how did you get to where you are now, what college degrees did you pursue?
What fictional character you fell in love with?
Hey Reddit, I'll be attending a college next year and living in a dorm, any advice?
国外学历如何办理?UVic毕业证成绩单文凭Q微信『 9105133 』维多利亚大学学位证成绩单录取通知书offer/UVic文凭,教育部使馆留信认证,〈诚招代理〉University of Victoria
[Serious]What would happen to hookup culture in Southern colleges if abortion is entirely banned with no exceptions in the South?
Is it weird to love the smell of my own sneeze? I am seriously loving it, is it normal?
Serious question: Can we not just give the rural states to Trump supporters and the urban states to non-Trump supporters? (Speaking very roughly - the coasts and fly-over states)
What food do you like so much you can eat it even when you're not hungry?
I know I'm fucked. What does love feel like?
What is some cannibals were twins in the womb and for survival they had to eat or absorb their twin for for survival?
What's the game you were addicted to as a child?
What are the worst foods to put on a stick?
Why dont women love me
/u/AutoModerator on What types of food do you not like but enjoy a different way/variation.
Which one of the two City Girls would you most love to have bum sex with and why?
Dog owners and dog lovers of reddit, I am thinking about getting a new dog, which breed do you consider the best and why?
[Serious] What is the worst thing someone has said to you?
What’s the most nostalgic food that takes you back.
Homeless people of reddit, what’re ideal, everyday ways to help people without a home?
What's a song you love but wouldn't want anyone to know?
How did you forget the (maybe only assumed) love of your life?
What was your first love (not first relationship) like?
What's a show you watch even though you hate it? Or a show you love to watch because you hate it?
What's your favorite food?
Are the fast-food employees judging their customers? [For employees] Did you have any interesting experience with the customer?
before 17 year, no interest to relationship, Nowadays it gives its problems same. why ?
How come many single moms on Tinder are demanding men have Master’s Degrees?
What food was your mother craving while pregnant with you, and are you addicted to it now?
What is a more passive aggressive statement than "no u"?
/u/Im-in-your-toilet's accidental haiku
What's the country you would most like to visit? People living there prove them wrong
Why are mosquitoes willing to die for what they love?
What's the one thing you would have done differently while in your college years?
What is the most indulgent meal you can think of and would love to eat?
People who have come out, what's your story?
What's a for dummies book that you need?
What do you love to do, but are no good at?
An alien race comes to Earth and says they will let us live if we give them the best food/meal created by humanity, what do we give them?
Redditors with pets, do you refer to yourself as a 'pet parent' or a 'pet owner'?
What food combination is surprisingly good?
People of Reddit who work low paying jobs that they love; is the lack of money worth the enjoyment? Are you happier than you would be with a higher paying job?
What's the worst mistake the worker did happened to your fast food meal?
Is looking up a tinder match on a college directory fair game ?
Do guys love or hate readheds?
What's an odd combination of foods that you enjoy that most people have never tried or would think to try?
Which temporary job should I choose, in grocery (Ahold) or in fast food (KFC)?
Why does it take a loved ones dying wish to change people’s lives around?
Couples with interesting love stories: what’s your story?
Hi Im Chelsea. Whats youre favorite dinner food?
irish reddit, what’s a good college that’s a bit easier to get into? coming from an american who wants to get out of here
Funeral servers of Reddit, what's the worst thing you've witnessed someone do at a funeral?
What was the most difficult decision you’ve ever had to make?
People on reddit who've had an arranged marriage, how long did it take you to truly love your spouse, and how did you realise it?
What meal/food do you love the most but also regret eating the most?
What is something you love, that everyone else hates?
What movie or TV show would you love to have been in the pitch meeting for?
What character deserved to die, but didn't?
What food(texture) do you sometimes crave that others think is weird?
People in food service, what is the maximum amount of sauce, seasoning, toppings, etc. that you are allowed to give, and when was a time you had to give more than the allowed amount?
What was the most beautiful proof of love you did for somebody (family/friend/relationship) or recived ?
Do you really love lamp?
Both a baby kitten and your phone fall from a skyscraper. You can only keep one of them from falling. Who would you save?
People of reddit if had to choose only one food to eat for the rest of your life what would it be?
What was your biggest "oh shit I fucked up" moment?
women of reddit, were you even impressed by a boy who lifted two chairs instead of one in first grade ?
When in doubt ____ (fill in the blank)?
Hi! Can I bring back massager through airport security onto the airplane with me?
Why were you always late to class in college?
What are the most beautiful songs about love?
Humans of reddit. What's your enemy turned lover Story?
What is the best sushi for beginners?
Can someone send me some funny minecraft memes? I wanna make it my Instagram profile picture but searching it up on google is useless, I have faith in reddit
People of reddit sith a footfetish. What do you love about feet?
What was the strangest thing you witnessed in college? [Serious]
What can you do to make someone you love feel loved today?
Medicaid with revocable trust
Cops, what is the biggest difference you notice when driving on duty vs off duty?
What’s the most jaw-dropping hit you’ve seen in a fight?
Is it possible to love two different people?
People of Reddit who love Physical touch. How do you deal with a lack of physical intimacy in your life if your friends/family don't really like or do physical touch?
I'm in a situation where I can only go food shopping once this month, how do I make a £140 of food last a month with expiring?
Dear Radiators How did you lose your virginity ?
What was the worst thing you have seen someone wear at a special event? (Wedding, Funeral, Graduation, etc.)
What did u do on your last day of school?
how long did your college relationship last?
Did you ever love someone that much that you still thought about them years later (considering it didnt work out between you) ?
What's the stupidest way you got really hurt?
What’s something you loved doing as a kid but hate doing now?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve believed when you were high/ drunk?
Does anybody want to share his minecraft login with me, i really want to play with my friends but normally i play on xbox and i don't have a lot of money?
What are some weird food combinations that are actually great?
What is the one movie that defined your childhood?
What’s currently stressing you out?
Police Officers, what is the most disturbing call you've been dispatched on?
"I turned the "Favorite Video &gt;10 Seconds" AskReddit-thread from yesterday into a "Try Not To Laugh"-compilation. Nobody among my friends have so far made it." - /r/videos (+8215) [June 15, 2015]
How do you move on from someone you love with all your heart, especially when that person still claims they love you but still broke up with you and ruined your relationship?
What books did you love as a kid but changed your mind about later on?
/u/insomniacempath's accidental haiku
If you're studying in a library while in college and you see someone attractive, is it weird to ask for their number? How would you feel if someone approached you?
Why should people not go to college?
Why do white men love interracial porn with black men and white girls?
What's a dumb way you'd waste your wish to genie?
How do you love yourself?
Reddit, how is Pride Month celebrated where you are(never took much notice of it until this year and just curious)?
Which now lost building or place would you have loved to see?
What's your all-time favourite memory of a loved one?
Spooky dooky
What common chore would you never pay anyone to do for you?
Shy is love so hard to do?
Have you ever "polished a turd"? How did it go?
What did your family do with the ashes of a loved one?
What's the one thing that can never be funny?
What is the most passive-aggressive way to tell someone you love them?
What food has been discontinued that you wish was not?
Is it possible to actually love a person more than you love yourself?
What would you rather have right now, great rest or great food?
Students Of Reddit, what’s the thing you did in your least favorite class to pass the time?
What was the weirdest, most shocking or cringiest thing you've seen happen at a graduation ceremony?
(Serious) what are your religious beliefs?
What is a simple food dish that you have struggles making.
Timestamp for the quote "I loved you on this day. I love this memory" from the movie Eternal Sunshine?
What the fuck happened to flying carpets?
While walking along the street you see a homeless person and a dog. Both are starving, but you have enough food (of a kind that cannot be shared) to save one. Which do you save?
What do you tell a side hoe if she says she loves you through text u but not tryna get rid of her
People of reddit that have pets and share a bed/room with said pets, what's the drill when it gets "hot n steamy"? Do you evict your beloved or just leave them be ?
Why do neighbors upstairs sound like elephants?
If the purge happened and you had a 3 week notice, how would you prepare and actually do on the day of The Purge?
What food or drink smells so bad but tastes so good?
What did you hate as a child but love it now?
What is the worst question if the reply is "A little."?
Besides your pets and loved ones, what's the one thing you would grab if your house was on fire?
What is the best James Patterson book?
How did you worst day ever turn the other way round?
Fellow Blender users, what're some good websites to download models, textures and add-ons?
Why do you like your SO and why do you love them?
How do my fellow redditors make new friends? Web developer here that would love some input.
What is the most drastic change in someone's personality you've seen after they lost a loved one?
Think of your favorite actor. What role will make us hate him? And what role will make us love them?
What is the weirdest food combination you've tried thats actually fantastic?
All married couples of Reddit, what’s your love story?
You gain your ideal body image type, but every week you must change your gender once. Will you do it? Why/why not?
Scientists of Reddit, what is the most fascinating thing you've learned/done during college or your job that you would like to share with others?
What was the weirdest food combination you have ever seen someone eat?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Reddit what ridiculous nick-names have your pets ended up with?
Why do you love your sports team?
If life gave you three skill points, where would you allocate them and why?
We love playing different card games! What’s your favourite card game?
What is your opinion on fancy restaurants with expensive food that is barely enough to keep you from starvation?
What do you love about “Gen Z culture”?
What is your go-to comfort food?
People who had annoying roommates, how did you kill them and make it look like an accident?
What is a heavily underrated artist, album, or song that you love?
[Serious] What are some traits that you love in a person, but are downplayed a lot?
For those of you who have been framed, what is your story?
How do they address bathrooms, food, water, medicine etc. during mass protests?
[serious] Therapists of Reddit, what was your most depressing case to work with, and were you successful in helping your patient?
[SERIOUS] Women of Reddit, who do you find more attractive, a bald guy with or without beard? Also are you into bald guys?
At the risk of sounding racist: I'm a white Canadian who loves to cook, but I recently realized I have no idea what kind of African dishes or cuisine consist of. Is there anyone out there who can offer help for someone ignorant, pale, and, curious resources to learn about African foods to cook?
[SERIOUS] When soda and beer bottles were returned and reused, what percentage were actually fit to be reissued?
To all the men or women, best/worst “shoot your shot” stories?
Mirror, mirror on the wall, what's the most generic thread (on askreddit) of all?
For college students with roommates
What's the first thing you look for when you examine a food label?
When was the moment you realised you fell in love with someone close to you and how did you know?
What was the moment when you finally accepted that your ex wouldn't love you anymore?
What discovery of a food/action made you think "how'd they find that out"?
What 'food sin' have you commited?
What is that one food item you try to avoid at all cost?
If all illegal or undocumented immigrants were removed tomorrow from the US, what would the near and long term effects be?
Redditors who were featured in a viral video, whether it was a funny, serious or any other video, how did it affect your life ?
How was the transition from college to working full time for you?
Women, what is your opinion on a dude that has a veiny dick?
What is the one mildly interesting fact you can never share because there is never a chance?
S.W.A.T. people on reddit, do you really search houses like on TV room by room and yelling CLEAR or do complete search of house? In movie you could just hide under the bed and you would make it
If you discovered time travel, what would be the first trip you took?
What is your favourite healthy food?
People of Reddit, how do you feel about a rule against reposting this same fucking question over and over again in an attempt to make a stupid joke?
For those of you who love what you do for a living, what do you do?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
Robotic lawnmower users of reddit. What are your experiences with robotic lawnmowers and are they with the money? Or are they a gross waste of time and hard earned cash?
What's the worst buyer's remorse you've had on a purchase?
What are the best foodporn youtube channels there are? i mean orgasmic
What prediction are you making now, that given enough time, you will say 'I told you so! I have been saying this for years and nobody believed me!'?
Have you ever wingmaned a freind or be wingmaned yourself ? How did it go?
What foods look disgusting but actually taste delicious?
What strange food combinations do you enjoy that others are confused by?
People who have struggled with and beat a war with food addiction what is your story?
People who have worked in college admissions: what are some things you don’t want applicants to know?
What happened the first time you and your s.o. said “I love you”?
How old were you all when you found the love of your lives?
Is life after graduating from college becomes dull? If yes then how you managed to cope up with that?
Reddit, what are some good ways to make the work day go by quicker?
People of Reddit, what is a food that you would recommend to picky eaters?
What would the "perfect college party" look and be like, to you &amp; everyone's liking?
What is an item you own you tell everyone they need to go out and get, because you just love it so much?
What would devastate the ocean the most, each occurrence being equal: an ocean spill, sugar spill, or salt spill?
What is something that you love that your significant other hates?
What would the name of an ice cream cake made with “Blue bell Cookie Cake Ice Cream” and a chocolate cake on the outside be called?
To those who have or had lung cancer, what was it and the treatment like?
Favourite malaphor?
What do your eyes find pleasing to see?
If a person told a US border agent that they love Trump, how would the border agent respond?
I am going on a radio show contest about general trivia, it’s ten questions I have one minute to win $1000. What are some trivia questions I should know?
What are somethings in school that you learn that you will never need?
What was your love triangle story?
Today (June 21) summer officially begins. What do you like or love about summer? What do you not like about it?
What food is less unhealthy than it seems?
What's the best thing (or food) you've scored for free?
What do you think Mickey Mouse is hiding behind those gloves, besides his hands?
What are some dorm essentials a college freshmen should bring?
Love
What age do you feel right now?
Who is someone you love and want to show appreciation toward?
Gamers of Reddit, what game world would you love to be in?
How did a loved by all family member let their likability fall downhill?
What restaurant is your fast food guilty pleasure?
People of Reddit, Is there any illness or disability that is effecting your or your loved ones daily life? How do you cope with it?
People who do not live in the United States; what are some food/drink that are easily available in the U.S. that you love but difficult to find where you are from and which food/drink from your country that you love is rarely found in the U.S.?
[SERIOUS] When you hit rock bottom, how did you make your way back up in life?
What is a movie/tv show that is generally hated or laughed at but you shamelessly love?
Military personnel of reddit what's a creepy / paranormal experience you had?
People of reddit, what is your biggest dream and what will you do to pursue it?
If you won the lottery, what would be the most mundane/boring thing you buy?
people of reddit, how do you feel about banning obviously popular opinions disguised as "how do you feel about" questions?
Why do ‏‏‏I‏‏‏ love ‏‏‏m‏y‏‏ barely legals?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what was your most annoying experience with customers?
[Serious] How does someone cope with the suicide of a loved one?
Redditors, how did you learn to love yourself?
Why do you end up feeling like stranding someone ?
What is your truly heartbreaking "unrequited love
redditors of reddit, why do you use reddit?
Would you support a nationwide standard that clarifies when food should not be consumed, as opposed to “best by” dates or random dates that provide no context at all?
/u/AutoModerator on Do dogs enjoy the dust at the end of their dog food bag in the same way that we enjoy cereal dust?
Why are federal government employees federally taxed?
[Serious] How does true love feel like?
I’m interested in playing football again. I’m a sophomore in college and I took the freshman year off. What can I do to get back into the swing of things?
Highly educated people of reddit, did any of you drop out of a super expensive graduate program such as medicine or law prior to graduating? If so, how much debt do you owe and what are you currently doing for work?
What is a “weird” food combo that you love but others may think is strange or gross?
My (28F) boyfriend (27M) told me I'm his true love because he never really liked being around his previous gfs (he dated someone for 5 yrs). Is this a red flag?
What’s a dealbreaker that would instantly end a relationship for you?
Artists/Writers Who is your favourite character that you have made ?
What food would you consider your mortal enemy?
25' x 25' Sun shade - What square steel tube should I use for my shade?
If there was a rebellion against humans by animals which side would you choose and why?
What would your last words be to your child (besides I love you)?
Who’s your favorite band or artist was extremely popular at one point, that’s completely underrated now?
What does it mean to fall out love? How did you know you fell out of it or what did an ex explain to you of why they fell out it?
When has love, the kind of love that is usually associated with rashness and stupidity, made you act and think more rationally than you otherwise would have?
What is the most disgusting food you've tried or witnessed someone else try?
What tells you that someone is more capitalist than socialist?
What are some small subs, worthy of a little love?
How long is too long to wait in a fast food drive-thru?
What is your road rage story?
What’s the worst that fast food has messed up your order?
What does your name mean according to Urban Dictionary?
What would u do rest of your life eating dog food or live without music?
What's a good pc game that never got enough attention ?
What combination of foods/condiments do you love but get wierd looks from People when talking about it?
What is your favorite driving food for long trips?
What do you think is the best night owl or early bird ?
Fast food employees of reddit what is the weirdest order you have ever gotten while working?
If you could have all the money in the world but no love or all the love in the world but no money, which would you choose?
Anyone know any decent subreddits for Dogs or English Bulldogs. Even any decent pets ones. I’m hoping to bring some much needed cheer to people posting some lovely photos of my English Bulldog.
People who eat at fast food restaurants: What gravy do you usually like the best? The cream colored one with pepper or the tan/brown gravy?
What deal breaker did you end up compromising on when you found the right person?
What advice would you give to an incoming college freshman?
What are some really weird fast-food experiences you've had?
What do you add to bland food to make it taste better.
People in foreign countries does it say American food when places sell fast food or burgers?
How many different penises in high school?
If you were about to get killed, what would you do?
If I tell an immigration person in America how much I love Trump will I be welcomed?
What’s your favorite food order modification?
How come Reddit loved Biden a couple of years ago and now seems to hate him and love Bernie instead?
What if you rejected by a girl you loved the most?
What life hacks/pro tips did you learn in college that will be helpful to those in freshmen year?
Hey Reddit, what is the funniest clip that you can post from Youtube?
Have you ever received a love letter? If so what happened after?
People who shave their cats, why do you do it?
If animals had the ability to speak, would you still love them the same?
what are somethings you can say about your gf but you can't say about your food?
What is the dumbest name you've heard for a child/pet?
Why are the ps4 servers down???
Gamers of Reddit, what is the best friendship you have made with people you have met online?
What was your leap for love? How did it end up?
[Serious]What would happen to American society if hookup and party culture died on college campuses?
If a Muslim that is fasting on May 2019, time traveled to January 2019, will he still be fasting or not?
In all seriousness, what is love?
Which has better food: Subway or Dairy Queen? (Not counting the ice cream.)
Parents of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing you’ve seen your child do when they thought they were alone?
What's your favorite combination of foods?
What are some foods that in concept sound good but in reality are not
For those who have walked in on a friend or loved one watching porn/having sex, when did it happen and what was the material/act involved?
Couples of Reddit, was is one secret you keep from your loved one?
What’s a song that always gets your foot tapping?
Fast food employees what was the creepiest thing you heard through the speakers.
People who don't drive, what are you reasons for not driving?
What food is not complemented well with butter?
What is an unlikely food combination that is in fact amazing?
What will future generations be surprised about when studying us today?
Did you know that I love you?
Excluding people from the MCU, who would you think is worthy of Mjolnir and why?
Redditors who were lucky enough to sit with a loved one on their deathbed. What would you recommend to say or do?
Can you (healthily) be friends with someone who is in love with you?
If you could only choose 5 individual food items to buy at Walmart to live off of for a year what would they be?
People who steal their roommates' or coworkers' food, why do you do it?
Men of Reddit: what is your love language, and how does it influence your sexual interactions with women?
What's a food that you're always craving but are never satisfied after eating it?
If you could change the sound of one thing, what would it be?
Fellow fast food/retail workers of Reddit what's the most unusual, entitled, disgusting etc. customer you've had? If you can't think of any, what's the bitchiest thing a coworker or boss has done?
What’s the ultimate stoner food?
How did you find out if your parents genuinely loved/hated you?
What was the moment you realized you had fallen out of love?
what is your favorite food?
How do you deal with the passing of a loved one?
Minecrafters of reddit, what was your first block you ever placed?
Jesse lingard loves the comments
Name a movie without love as a component
[Serious] Black people of Reddit, do any of you hate the term African American?
If reddit were to add custom upvote/downvote buttons to subreddits what would they be?
Any songs not about love or any mention of women in it?
What's a thing that everyone loves but you hate?
I am 21. I have always thought "body counts less the personality" but it is 2 years engagement with my girlfriend (a little fat) and she no longer attract me physically. My love is true but if I think about sex and body I don't like her as it was before. What should I do?
Why don't people believe in true love anymore?
What your craziest story from your college dorm days?
Before going to IT School you have to say what programming languages you know and how good are you in them?
People that truly love their jobs; what do you do?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done for love?
Reddit, what's the most batshit crazy thing to happen in college?
Does God love His enemies? Why or not?
What is something that you used to dislike, but you have grown to love (and how/why)?
What movie did you love when you were younger, but think is awful now that you're older?
Do you spit out food or just 'PAHPAHFPAHPAHAPAH' when it's too hot?
I have a medical college admission test in three days and I haven’t prepared sh*t
What was your most memorable "love at first sight" moment?
Why did it not work out with the love of your life ?
Tattoo lovers of reddit, what do you like or do? I'm trying to understand my audience
/u/makelovetogod's accidental haiku
Server of reddit, have you ever spit on the food of an asshole, Why they deserve it ?
What one outfit can be appropriate in every possible situation?
What’s a musical artist that is is revered and loved by many that you just don’t ‘get’ even though you’ve tried several times?
Adults of /Reddit who is or who was your biggest inspiration to become who you are today?
I struggle to understand this idea, I wish I could feel it for real and not fake it to know it. Reddit, what is love?
What is Pepe the frogs favorite food xD?
Who can send me some food? I am on the verge of death please for the love of god
If your family was a sports team, what would be their mascot?
What is the real world equivalent of going to serve in the Night’s Watch?
Children of Anti-Vaxxers, do you believe what your parents believe and why? Likewise, have you gotten vaccinations and why?
What was that one class in highschool/college that you never understood no matter how much you studied?
[Serious] Has there ever been a moment in your life life when you fell out of love with someone?
People of reddit who have lost a loved one, what is your favourite memory of them?
What is something that is okay for a college student to do, but seen as trashy as an adult?
Redditors who "came out of the closet", what gave you the courage or inspiration to tell your loved ones and close friends your true feelings?
Redditors who changed their major in college, why did you change it and what was the change?
If you could bring back one discontinued food product, what would it be?
Was there a point in time where you realized “what’s happened to me” or “what’s wrong with me”? What happened?
People who have lost a loved one suddenly, what is something you wish you could have told them?
What’s worse and why...intentional omission or outright lying?
What are the differences in how men and women deal with love rivals?
What food do you think is overrated?
What do you wish that more people would understand?
People who work at delivery (ups, food delivery etc.) is sex with clients ever happens?
What were some the small warning signs that a loved one wasn’t quite right mentally or physically?
Why boy love big boobs girls?
What is the worst possible movie to watch on a first date?
What was the most delicious and wholesome food you ever ate or made and it changed your or someones life?.
Reddit, What is something that your SO does that you love or hate but will never tell them?
What stereotype do you fit into?
Adults of Reddit what relationship advice(s) would you like to give a teenage college student??
Waiters / waitresses of Reddit: Do you purposely ask people how the food is while they have their mouths full?
For people who love Borderlands 2: what was your favorite location and why?
Hey gang, what's your favorite alternative to water to make ice cubes out of?
When driving long haul, should you fill up your gas tank to full or not?
Does college help you find out who you are. Like does it help give you the space needed from parents to figure out who you are in some factors?
What would be a fair punishment for Aunt Becky in the college admissions scandal?
People who got rejected after proposing what happend afterwards?
What is your absolute favorite food?
Anybody have some really good hangover stories?
Someone asked me online "what can you do with love sickness?". How should I respond?
What is a food that you think tastes better a day old, rather than fresh?
I've fallen in love with Yurima's The river flows in you. What are some other piano compositions that are just as beautiful that I might like?
Does anyone have a weird craving for some weird food or other eatable objects?
Workers that work/ worked at a fast food joint, what have you learned about people?
The sexiest part of the opposite gender you find? 😍😍😈
If you had to choose one of the original Godzilla universe monster suits to wear for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
(Serious) Have you ever been stuck/trapped somewhere against your will? If so, what’s your story?
What do you love about being alive?
[SERIOUS] What's the worst thing that has happened to you or your loved one in jail?
Redditors with a refined pallet, how difficult/expensive is it to eat food that is truly satisfying to you?
What seemingly meaningless dream would you love to see accomplished?
Have a question.
What food item is healthier than many people think?
Have you ever fallen out of love with someone you were still in a relationship with, if yes then why and did you do anything about it?
What are you tired of people not believing about you?
What’s the cringiest thing you’ve ever said to a loved one?
Dropouts of Reddit, how did the decision to leave college impacted your life? Would you do it again?
Let’s settle this. What’s better? Cats or dogs? Why?
Who would be interested in making a nonprofit that helps with worldwide problems, such as water and food supply, mental health, and housing ? It could be funded by reddit if everyone just gave s dollar , whose up for it?
What's a food combo that you like but everyone else would think is weird?
Introverts of Reddit, how does your personality affect your love/sex life or the lack thereof?
What food is actually more healthy than people think?
Fast food workers of Reddit what would you never eat from your establishment and why?
Why were German machine guns in WW2 fed from the left instead of the right like American machine guns?
[Serious] Men of Reddit, how has growing up without ever hearing an 'i love you' from your father affected you?
What's your "I hate that I love ____" ?
what did the most terrible happen to your pets?
God I love this
What happened in Vegas that didn’t stay in Vegas?
Do you know guys what happened to the YouTuber Let'sPlayGuitar! Because he hasn't uploaded in almost a year now and he's also not active on any of his social media
What are some good food recommendations for someone losing weight?
What is the best food recipe you have tried?
Redditors of Reddit on Reddit, what’s your craziest WTF moment?
Why are you a huge fan of leftover food?
Which are the moment when people you love greatly disappoint you?
If you could only eat one fruit or vegetable for a month what would you choose and why?
If you were a food item and life is a method of cooking you, what food item would you be and what way would you be cooked?
You are forced to carry out either 3 of the tasks which forces you to kill people.The tasks:Kill 3 of your loved ones or 20 innocent people or a leader of a European country.Which task will you choose and why?
What is a certain stereotype you have about a certain state in the US?
American Redditors, what state would you never want to visit and why?
What is the single most vile/funniest/shocking story you have ever been told or have happened to you?
What foods do you like that the rest of your family hates?
Interesting Reddit comment on the different levels of Super Wealth
Dropouts of Reddit, what made you leave school/college and did you ever regret it later on?
If our pets had their own form of Tinder for hook ups or play dates, what would they include in their bios to find a match?
Now that you have the gift of hindsight, who would you like to "throw back thank" and why?
What are the things you love and hate about yourself the most, without specifying which is which?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what is your favorite piece of film and why?
What's your sage word, and why?
What would happen if a 4 year college degree is required for you to vote?
What is something you loved when you were young but now hate as an adult?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what’s the worst mistake you’ve permanently inked onto a person’s body?
Ghibli lovers, today I ordered Spirited Away and Howl's moving castle to get myself into the Ghibli movies, how good was my decision to get these 2 movies to get into Ghibli?
Why does Reddit love Jeff Goldblum?
People who got a high skill job without going to college, how did you do it?
Some books/movies have great original ideas, but ultimately fall flat. Which one would you love to see remade by a new author who could do justice to those ideas? Optionally, which new author would you pick?
What has your mind concocted to scare you recently?
Bikes lover t-shirt Ride for ever?
Do you prefer long, hand written messages in cards, birthday, graduation or otherwise, and why do you feel that way?
What food will be forever associated with something else for you?
What is something that you treasure that's also something you're sure no one else cares about?
What's the worst pain you've experienced?
I’ve been a good boy. Can I have a medal ?
What do you hate the most about the person you love the most?
What is some advice that you wish someone had told you when you were in your 20s?
What's your opinion on trans rights such as; competing in sports and sharing opposite bathrooms?
When is it acceptable to get drunk at a funeral?
Life forms of Reddit, what are your favorite inconsequential subjects to argue?
How can you understand if someone loves you?
What’s the weirdest thing that happened to you while touring a college/university?
Game Developers, what easter eggs have you hidden in games that no one but you knew about until it was discovered?
People of reddit who have lost a loved one, what is your favourote memory of them?
What secret do you want to find the answer to?
You download the whole google database to your brain and travel back 2019 years. The database is in your head (powered by energy from food) and all you have to do to google is to think of the question. Your body is able to live in good shape for 300 years. How do you take over the world?
Americans of Reddit, What's that stupidest thing you've done in a foreign country?
Is it normal to question whether or not you love someone if you actually do?
What is the most underrated thing of all time?
Why are there so many baby momma hoes these days?
How do you feel about cutting your lawn (grass) with a nail clipper instead of a lawn mower?
Who is the one NPC in gaming you would love to punch in the face?
What is the recipe for concentrated dark matter?
To those that have been to a large protest (e.g. Hong Kong protests etc), what do you do when you need to go toilet or other necessities?
What's your personal natural habitat?
If every state had a Game of Thrones bastard surname, what would it be?
Why do everyone love Keanu Reeves?
What foods come to mind when you think of the Pacific Northwest?
What advice would you offer someone heading to college?
Ambiverts of reddit, how is life for you? What challenges do you - or your loved ones - face by having features of both extroverts and introverts?
What is a movie you loved as a kid but hate as an adult?
If you had a chance to play world tag for 1 year, 2 months, 3 weeks, 4 days, 5 hours, 6 minutes and 7 seconds, and the second last 'it' gets a billion dollars, and you are the first it,how would you win?
How do you deal with an impossible love story because of the distance ?
Video Game enthusiasts of reddit, what is the best or most hilarious thing you have ever witnessed in a multiplayer voice chat?
What do you think Victoria's Secret is? What is she hiding from us?
how sad is kit harington that GOT groupies aren't sucking him off anymore?
What's the most important app on your phone? One that would make your day a whole lot harder if it didn't exist
What do you think is the best food invention ever?
What are some examples of ancient junk food?
Worst "fun" night out you've ever had?
People of Reddit, when did you realise you were in love with your best friend?
what foods do you eat when you dont have much money?
Redditors, can you help the person in question list the best, quirky, interesting AirBnb places from Europe, by country (not the most expensive, but some that are for everyone and brings something interesting [pets, sauna or being a tree house..i donno]?
Those who gave up social media, why did you do it?
What made you fall in love?
What is said to be intelligent, but whenever said you think it's stupid?
Can someone please suggest me some food related Youtube channels?
What food that most people find weird do you still enjoy?
What's something you loved 10 years ago, but can't stand today?
What objectively shitty tasting food do you find to be good?
What food brings back the most memories and why?
Mothers, would you ever forgive if someone hurt your child by accident? Why?
What’s worse: telling someone else you love them while being in a relationship, or having sex with someone random while being in a relationship?
What movies do you love that have between 20-30% rating on Rotten Tomatoes?
What food item makes you cringe just at the sight or mention of it?
Fast Food Workers: What secret food hacks make your restaurant’s menu more enjoyable?
[Serious] People who never went to college, how is life like?
What is the cheapest, yet best food you have ever had?
(serious) What are some signs that you're unattractive ?
Users who found reddit on their own, what topic/interest were you researching to introduce you to the platform?
What happens if another vehicle causes an accident?
[Serious]What Celebrity did you love but now hate and why?
Reddit, what are your weird food/flavor combinations that you want to share with the world?
Redditors who are friends/relatives of famous/celebrity chefs, does their food live up to their name?
What’s the stupidest thing you heard your parent say?
Should I start a gofundme for my first car?
What was the moment that you knew you had fallen in love?
What is your dumbest/ weirdest ideas you've conceived?
What food do you prefer to eat raw than cooked?
Food hygiene rating in USA
Whats a funny phrase or saying you say?
When was the last time you split your pants?
What is your favorite naturally occurring food?
Hey what is something weird happened to u at a fast food place?
What small gesture did someone do for you, that made your entire day?
[Serious] What are some healthy ways to fall out of love?
What food from a tv show or movie would you like to try?
What is something that you pretend to hate in front of other people but instead love?
What do you love or dislike about Judge Judy?
Empty Nest Parents: How did you get through it?
Redditors who have volunteered at food drives, what's the most expired thing that was sent?
What are movies you dislike but every one else likes?
Anyone know someone that fell in love with a stripper at the club? How'd that work out for em if they pursued.
If a muslim play minecraft and they are about to die with no food and the only food near is a pig, would they kill it and eat it or not?
What foods do you eat simply because they make you feel nostalgic?
Fast food workers of Reddit! What were some of the weirdest orders you have taken while working?
What’s an inconvenient truth you wish you didn’t know?
What is your shower horror story?
Why should we hire you?
What would your pets first words to you be if they were suddenly able to talk?
What do you love about your job?
[Serious] What are jobs or careers someone can self-teach themselves that isn't programming?
Music lovers from all generations, what differences have you witnessed from then to now?
People of the American South, what are some things you love about the South?
What is your favorite weird food combo (ex. raw carrot chips and salt)
If someone make all of his food consist of juice will he never have to poop?
To all lovers of women, what about them turns you on the most?
What is the best vegetarian food you’ve had from a food truck?
If you were to make a movie, what would be the funniest joke you would put in it.
What is something that you can’t stop saying for some reason?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what was the rudest customer encounter you've had, and what was the result of it?
We'll soon celebrate our dads, what is a thing they do that you love? (Serious)
What would you do? Spend money on a college education or take that money and invest in a business.
What's the worst lyric you've heard in a love song?
When was the last time you had to leave someone you love and what did you do to help yourself move on?
You’re a talk show host. You can book any celebrity for an interview. Who would you pick and what kind of stuff would you ask?
What song makes think about the one you love?
Fast food workers of reddit, what are some surprisingly good perks of working at your restaurant? (ie: free food)
Redditors from around the globe, what's a delicious local dish or food we might not know about you'd like to share with us today?
What is the greatest single bite of food you have ever had?
If your first love had corresponded you and stayed with you by this day, how different would your life be?
How did you stop smoking?
How do I get through community college algebra and trigonometry class?
People who have had exotic, unusual, or illegal pets, what were they and what's your best memory of them?
What was the worst fast food experience you ever had?
What multiplayer game did you love, but can’t play anymore due to the servers being shut down or lack of player base?
Reddit clock smith, what's the most memorable thing ever happen in your career?
Stomach (and side) sleepers of Reddit, do you have a mattress you love? What is it?
Trump fans: Why do you love Saudi Arabians?
Which Pokémon do you think has the biggest pubes?
Dear Reddit, who was “The One Who Got Away?” What made them so special? Do you think of them often, regardless of moving on?
How do women fall in love when they are so extremely fickle?
What are some of the best home made food you have eaten and if possible what is the recipe?
Who do you love more than anyone in the world? Why?
Why do people continue to give outrage journalists attention when it's been pretty well established that they only write what they write to farm hate clicks?
I popped a cherry (Fruit) for the 1st time and it tastes nothing like cherry flavor in other foods. What other flavor/smell is nothing like the real thing?
People who were on, or know someone who was on a scripted or highly manufactured reality show; what are you able to share with us?
What's a bitch-ass food?
How would you describe your job in 3 words for the others to guess?
People of Reddit, what is your ‘This can’t get any worse’ moment, but it still gets worse?
Who gets on your nerves off of this years love island?
People who have the very common 'I can move through time' fantasy, what is your time travel user interface and what are the rules (if any) in your time travel universe?
Graduation season is upon us. Reddit, what are some alternatives besides college for teens who just graduated high school?
What is the best way to pack a large mirror for moving?
What is your soul food? How did you come to like it?
When did you learn that love stopped existing and is now just convenience and best sex?
Have you ever fallen out of love with someone? What happened?
What is your hogwarts house and what story from your life shows exactly why?
American BBQ lovers of the Reddit, what is your favorite style of BBQ , why is it and how is it smoked/cooked/grilled if you know?
Dear gamers of Reddit, what was the game that made you fall in love with gaming?
Parents of Reddit - What's the creepiest thing your child has said to you?
How would you want to be loved?
If you could change the title of a crime, what would you change it to?
People of Reddit, what's the most paranormal experience you have ever had?
Why did my Africa has no food joke in a comment thread get 30 downvotes?
What’s a song that you don’t listen very often, but when it shows up on shuffle, you say “Oh shit I freaking love this song and I totally forgot it existed!” ?
People who grew up in a home full of awful cooks. What made you realize the food was so bad?
Im a dude just turned 18 and I’m 5’7 but still growing. Is that normal? All my guy friends are taller.
Which celebrity you don't like at beginning but love them afterwards ?
What are the best ways you’ve found to get people eat left over food?
I'm still fairly new here. What are some unwritten rules of Reddit?
What's life in your country or just city? What strange things do you love to do?
Eye contact when breast feeding?
Why do people feel the need to bring their pets everywhere they go?
A posted parcel sent to me was stopped by customs due to some *temporarily* restricted food items in it. Along with those small food items, I lost two camera lenses. Tried to get them back and was told they cannot return any of the items. What happens to post after it is kept by customs?
What secret do you know about someone else that would ruin YOUR life if people found our you knew about it and didn't say anything?
What would you do if you were given 100 million dollars but you can never watch anime again?
What did you think life would be like after highschool/college? How close was your guess?
How can we forget the girl we love (if she doesn't love us) ?
Would you like to resign from your job? Why? What would you like to do next?
If you were offered free airfare and lodging to travel for as long as you want but you must eat the local McDonald's exclusively during this time, would you take the offer? Why/Why not? How long would you travel for?
Who is the greatest musician of all time?
What is the most wholesome thing your s/o has done?
What was the one thing you loved doing but had to quit due to certain circumstance?
What’s the worst college/school essay you’ve ever seen?
What is sex like?
What's the first thing the pops in your head when you hear the word "Somebody"?
You're stuck in an elevator with god, what do you ask him?
What would you do if someone bullied you?
Your mom never loved you because you took away her freedom and she doesn’t have much money because of you. What do you do?
When did you realise your mother doesn’t love you ?
Okay, so my Partner comes home with a distinctly different smell to him, I noticed it so strongly I stopped as I walked past him and asked, "Why do you smell like cloves and perfume?" He has no explanation other than he has no idea and I'm crazy. But it's right at one side of his neck. Am I crazy?
What is the grossest thing you’ve found in your food/drink while eating out?
How does your pet show you they love you?
Redditors who have watched porn with an s/o, would you recommend and why/why not?
[Serious] After losing a loved one, what are some good coping skills or tools that you have found helpful in dealing with grief?
What are some signs that your relationship is starting to fail?
Whats the most overrated food?
People of Reddit, what’s that one movie or book you just personally love, while everyone else hates or dislikes it?
Does anyone know a WW2 veteran of DDAY? I would love to convey my thanks to these brave men. I am humbled by their sacrifices. Cheers!
Why do you like your favourite food?
Was watching Cast Away and wondered if someone's spouse files a life insurance claim, do they have to pay it back if the loved one comes back even though a death certificate exits? Like, back from an island even though legally declared dead, the whole shebang?
What favored food/snack must your home NEVER be without?
What is something that’s easier done than said
People in their 20s that love going to Disneyland, what’s the appeal?
A new light is added to all traffic lights. What is it’s color and it’s use?
How did you ask your partner to be your partner?
What is one accomplishment you want to achieve before it's too late?
Meatloaf famously sang “I would do anything for love, but I won’t do that.” What is your “that?”
What are things that you procrastinated for too long?
What should be done when your girlfriend on period?
If Ryan Reynolds and Keanu Reeves had to battle for you love who would win and why?
What’s your best childhood memory?
Who is the person you love as your hero in this world ?
Redditors who married their first love, do you have any regrets?
People of Reddit Land, what was something that happened that geniuinly made you feel 'not good enough' or 'unworthy' is some sense(love life or professional) and espescially hurt because you knew it was true ?
What was the craziest scene you’ve ever seen in public?
Which sound do you love most?
Rakim vs Eminem vs Nas (when at their peak) - why?
What’s the creepiest way to describe your job?
When did you say, "I love you" way too early in a relationship, what happened afterwards?
What foods/drinks you can't tolerate but keep consuming anyway?
Have you ever truly fallen in love? If so, why does that special person have your heart?
What's your Gayest yet?
Teenage couples of reddit, what is the best advice you can give other young couples who are seriously in love with each other?
What's something you wouldn't eat/ buy/ use, because you know how it is made?
What strange food do you recommend trying?
How did you life change after getting married?
If you could have any one food be sugar free but still taste exactly the same, what would you pick?
You are buried alive in a food of your choice. What food do you choose and why?
Which high school/college friend took a path you didn't expect?
What’s the cheapest and best tasting food you can make for yourself as a college dorm student?
on snapchat with my friend, i saw she was crying so i asked what was wrong. She told me her cousin told her to kill herself and that no one loved her, and, while she was changing took pictures of her ad sent them to a bunch of guys she didnt know. Any advice on how we should act?
r/donaldglover starts watching the Telegraph Ave video
What if God wants us to play god?
For those with a college degree; do you regret going to college? Why or why not?
If you could eat only one food for the rest of your life what would that food be?
What do you hate most about yourself?
What do some people have against community colleges?
How do you deal with stress and frustration?
Whats the best advice for a new senior in highschool?
What underrated/unknown book you love would make a great book-to-film adaptation (and be done justice to)? Alternatively, what’s a book-to-movie adaptation you wish would get the remake it deserves?
what is a movie or show that everyone loves that you thought was terrible (elaborate plz)?
People who love DJ Khaled, why?
If you could close one fast food chain due to disgusting food, what would you pick?
If you had one food to eat for the rest of your life and no variations of the food (e.g different toppings on a pizza) what would that food be?
What food do you dislike that others love?
Americans of Redit, is it true that you mistake Sweden for Switzerland?
Music lovers, if you could be in any music video, which one would you pick and why?
What gets you through the day?
What food would you not give up even if it gave you diarrhea?
Must eat food in Chicago?
How did you make your life fun after college?
What is something you are almost certain nobody in the world is doing at this moment?
When a guest at somebody's home, how to reject food being offered, without rudely rejecting the host offering it?
Why did delivery become such a staple of select food genres (pizza, Chinese) but not others?
Should love be unconditional? Why or why not?
Fast food workers of reddit what has a customer done that made you mad?
We all love a good life hack, but what's a life glitch you know?
Can somebody in the comments start a story, then the replys continue the story and try to make something plausible
If a women comes up to you with a small child in a store and asks you if you could help her get food, what do you do?
How do you react and what do you do, when you get home and realise the food place restaurant messed your order up?
How did you meet the love of you life?
My friend is making an animated music video and he wants it to be seen by a lot of people on YouTube, what should he do to make sure his video gets attention?
What's the hardest choice you've ever had to make? How did it affect your life? What influenced your decision?
Have you considered not doing what you love? Or even quitting it? If so, why?
Where is somewhere that I can work (22M) for the summer that doesn’t involve food?
Why do you hate K-pop? K-pop lovers, why do you love it?
Is it wrong for HBCU’s (historically black colleges) to not admit students because of their ethnicity, to try to preserve their history?
What is something you're secretly good at but you're scared to show them to anyone?
Female porn stars, what is it like shooting a scene with a BBC?
What is the "eating a burger upside-down" of other foods?
Redditors who fell in love with a long time friend, (how) did it work out?
What is the dumbest excuse that someone has said for coming late?
Multitaskers of Reddit, what else are you doing right now?
What’s a phrase you catch yourself saying to people when you aren’t interested in the conversation?
Lovers of reddit when did you realize you were in love ?
What's the most awful thing that's been said to you by someone you love?
What jobs can a college grad take after 6 years of unemployment. ?
What’s your favorite food?
Are butterflies in the stomach a real sensation? I've been alive for 32 years and have been in love and have had many exciting experiences, but have never experienced butterflies in the stomach. Is it a real physical sensation or is it a metaphor?
Did you ever left everything you owned and loved all of the sudden behind you to move on and start over? What did you make it and how did you manage it all?
What strange habits do you have when eating food?
To all singers/performers, what song would you say is “yours?” The one that everyone wants to hear you perform and the one that you love to perform? Mine is “The Greatest Show” from The Greatest Showman starring Hugh Jackman.
People who have had panic attacks, what is a panic attack, and what should one do when you are having one?
[Serious] How come non-white people seem to be able to tolerate spicy food better than white people?
What would Youtubers do without any video-sharing platforms?
People down on your luck, what one tangible thing (not money) could make all the difference in your life right now?
What's your random food craving?
After that Apple Pro Stand controversy, do you think life is getting more expensive ? Why's that ?
What is the most useless fact you know?
Anyone know where to buy that dog/cat shedding glove I keep seeing for cheap?
Why do people get so worked up about OJ Simpson when there are so many murderers who got off in America, so many unsolved murderers, so many ignored crimes due to race, gender, and class, and just so much injustice? Why is the OJ Simpson case worth our time?
College students and former college students of reddit who had to work to pay their bills during college, what were some of the jobs y’all did that did NOT include the restaurant industry?
Wich are some good ways to discover and try new things (My situation: im in college and dont know if should continue or pursue something else... thanks in advance) ?
When was the moment you knew that the love for your SO was gone?
[Serious] What's betrayed you most in your pets life?
How Do You Tell When Vaseline Has Expired?
Whats your go to comfort food?
What was your greatest "I can do this by myself" fuckup?
Who are infamous people where if you erased the infamous thing they did, they would be famous and beloved?
What are some food/drink products that sounds awful but ended up tasting surprisingly good?
Has one of your bestfriends ever been so blindsided by love they didn’t see what was wrong with their S/O? If so, how did you deal with it?
Why do people love Katie Hopkins?
What food do you wish tasted like the smell of when it's cooking?
Dear athletes of reddit, what is your story of that one kid on the team that sucked, but everybody loved?
What is the first thing you do when you return home after a long time?
What current genre/ethnicity of food would you like there to be a fast food chain for that doesn’t already have one?
What makes you say to yourself "that person is a bitch"?
If pets could talk, what dirt could we find out about you?
What does Ativan feel like?
[Serious] What simple things/habits you do that make you love yourself?
Dear lovely ladies of ARAD. What do you think of male ass play? I'm a straight M48 and this will soon go into my ass. Don't worry, I have lube :-D https://imgur.com/xMcEbSG
[Serious] Survivalist Preppers: How will you handle the random people seeking food and shelter, should a crisis occur?
Who was the most adequately rated person in history?
Ra's of reddit after dark what was your best "wtf is going on here?" While in college?
What are things about taxes and home owning teens should know before they go to college/need to pay for their own housing?
When a parent or loved one died what is something that someone said or did that really helped/make a difference?
Commitment-phobe redditors, how is your love life going?
What's the best local place to get food around you and what city is it in?
To those that have a job, what habit did you do durning high school/middle school/any grade school/ college that persisted to your job?
First world people of Reddit, what is something you feel bad that poor people don't have or get to experience?
What is the thing that made you laugh so much you almost or actually peed your pants a little or a lot?
What seemed too weird to put in your mouth before it became acceptable food?
What do you prefer and why? Meat or legumes and fish and plat-based food?
Fast Food workers of Reddit, How easy would it be if you transitioned from working at fast food joints to working at fine dining establishments?
How much money do you think a college graduate should have in their savings account?
What is a name that most people despise and make fun of, but you absolutely love?
Pet owners of Reddit, what species are/is your pets and how many?
[Serious] People of Reddit who got kidnapped, how was the experience? And how you managed to survive it?
Do you tip the delivery guy when ordering food, even if you were already charged a delivery fee ?
What’s the worst take-out food you’ve eaten?And where was it?
Looking for a game application where you are a black blob trying to escape some kind of facility while killing scientists and lab workers while also maneuvering around as a blob, thoughts?
When was a time you found a bug/hair/bandaid in your food halfway through eating it?
People who have lost and rediscovered their love for their craft in the past months, what is it and why does it bring you happiness?
People who used to be anti-vax when did your stupidity stop and why?
What food combination shouldn't work well but does?
What do you think would happened if all fast food chains are banned in the world?
If you had to teach a college class with only memes, gifs, and funny video segments; what are you teaching and what materials are you using?
Hypothetically, if I put Drano, which was right next to my resolve carpet cleaner for pets, into my steam cleaner (hypothetically I own a big green machine) what would make that surprising to somebody looking around and to whom I told that to later?
What does it mean if it’s the 2nd day of a sleep away camp and a girl has a guy anonymously send you a note that says “I love you and I love your body”?
What impresses you most about the love between a man and his taint?
What’s something that’s super difficult to do but gets easier the more you do it?
What food combination do you love that other people think is strange?
LGBT+ People of Reddit, How Do You Feel About the Christian Church? Specifically Denomimations That Still Believe That Homosexuality, Transgenderism, etc. Is Sin?
People of Reddit, how can I get my mom to buy me a new phone?
What would you do if everytime you opened your eyes, someone you love dies?
If all pets suddenly looked the exact same, how would you identify yours?
Why do people have a problem with Etsy?
RedBeardGames offers big variaty of gaming, pets, videos and quality content - please SUBSCRIBE to my youtube channel please?
Why do we love pets?
People that post happy birthdays for deceased loved ones on social media, is it sincere?
What is something you love doing, that other people just dont get?
What was the worst thing about freshman year of college?
How important is someone's food preference(vegan or non-vegan) before starting a relationship.
What is a silly question that you love answering?
What’s something (food, celebrity, song, anything) that most people love but you can’t stand?
If there is friction coming down the kid slides at the park, why don't people apply some oil?
What’s your comfort food of choice?
What is something people are missing out on because they seem to think it's scary or dangerous?
Which computer game(s) do you simply just love watching others play, but don't like playing yourself?
What's your "you can't fire me, i quit" story?
Book lovers of Reddit, name a book which kept you glued till the last page &amp; swayed you away from your reality.
Is it gay to kiss your homie good night?
How come gloves have slots for our fingers but socks don’t have slots for our toes?
Non-binary redditors: what is the level of discomfort you feel when you are gendered/misgendered? Would you equate it to that of a fully transgender person?
What are some foods or food combinations that you love, but most people hate?
How do you feel when your whole family forces you to go to a college where it teaches you the lessons you hate?
Do you laugh when watching things on your own?
Most of the songs are about the same thing (love,breakup,Drugs..), what kind of topic do you want to hear in a song?
Reddit operator of mobile food vendors, how do you stay sanitary?
Resistors who work in food businesses, what is the weirdest order you have ever gotten from a customer?
Theoretically, if there was a SPIDER or similar bug in your HTC Vive Headset and you thought it ran away from you further into the headset, how would you encourage it to leave without damaging the device and ensure capture? $350 budget theoretically.
What's a superstition that you beileve in ?
Redditors, who is someone you found out liked/loved you that you realized way later?
What piece of food would be the best to bring to a fight/gunfight and why?
What food did you think was disgusting growing up but when you tried it as an adult you just realised your parents didn’t cook it properly?
What's the strangest thing you've ever done for the sake of food?
Dads, how did your sex life change after having kids?
Your in the desert with a tent, a lantern, and food to last you three days. You can either carry a dual blade or one dog along with you to survive. Which do you choose and what do you do?
If God had an AMA what would you ask?
People whose loved ones have died unexpectedly, what was the last thing you said to them?
As a kid, what was the pinnacle of wealth to you?
I have very low self esteem, how do I love myself?
Why do all the “beats” in modern songs sound so bad?
What is the amount of force needed to physically knock someone out? [serious]
CUBS FANS: If you are having ethical dilemmas over supporting the team given its owners' political activities, what kinds of equivocations/arguments are you using to continue supporting the Cubbies?
What is something that’s happened that you know is someone you love sending a sign that they’re there?
Law Enforcers of Reddit, what is the kindest thing you've seen an on-duty officer do on the job?
Rock music lovers on Reddit: Which you favor: American rock or British rock? Why?
What is the weirdest fobia you know someone has?
How do i deal with my ex telling me she still loves n cares for me after she destroyed my life literally?
People who take the subway. What is your subway horror story?
Why are girls so in love with my friends muscles?
People of Reddit who have been dumped by someone you loved, how’d you get over them?
What are some movies you love despite or because of how bad or cheesy they are?
What name do you absolutely love?
What is one thing you wish your parents told you about college before you went.
Introverts of reddit how did you find love?
Are there any good foods from video games subreddits out there?
Traveling Redditors, what are your standard snacks to take on the road?
People of Reddit currently in a relationship, how did you meet your Significant Other? At what point did you fall in love?
are there any benefits to drinking alcohol ?
Redditors, what would be your best pick up line for someone at a bar?
Has anyone ever had Haitian food?
If you could say one last thing to a deceased loved one, what would you say and who was that person to you?
Gamers of Reddit, what is an unusual occurrence in a video game do you love to death?
What is the oldest electric or electronic device you have in your house that still works and you still use?
What do you do to "slow down" time when spending it with the people you love?
The Incredibles was released in 2004. Violet in movies was 14. The Incredibles 2 was released last year. Violet still 14. So will you be a pedophile if you loved her since the first movie and both of you were 5 then but 20 now?
Gamers of reddit, what’s the game that got the worst out of you? And what did you do?
For all of you who love using VPNs, are they worth it? And what VPN do you use?
What's your worst answer to "I love you"?
If you had to choose somebody to be God, who would it be?
What’s your go - to fast food meal?
Redditors who have been in a food fight, how was the experience?
What sport only your country love it?
What food do poor people eat to feel not poor?
What was your biggest regret and how did you get past it? [Serious]
Do you ever meet someone new, and instantly know it's your perfect match and you can truly fall in love with that person?
I currently have cumulative GPA of 2.96 and am a rising senior. Do I have any chances to get into a decent college?
Without saying who they are, how would you describe a loved one with three verbs?
[Serious] Reddit, I am a Canadian that wants to sell everything I own and move somewhere in Central / South America to live a simpler life. Ideally, I’d want to spearfish all day for food and maybe work part time for some added income. Where do I go?
What foods would look least appetizing if they were a different color?
Your significant other goes into your parents body of the same sex and vice versa. You must sleep with either the parent (whose actually your SO) or your SO (whose actually your parent), to get things back to normal. Who do you chose and why?
Autistic people how did you determine you love your SO more than as a friend?
You’re allowed to change/delete/add ONE letter to a movie title. What does your movie become?
What taboo calls your name?
How would somebody who’s never been in a relationship with a year left of college get into a relationship?
[SERIOUS] Where did you meet your SO?
What's the most courageous/heroic act you did to save one of your loved ones?
What's the most absurd food combination or meal you've made for yourself when intoxicated?
You can only eat one food for the rest of you life. What would you choose, and why?
Americans of Reddit, what foods do you consider 'Canadian'?
People who start off their story with throwaway because people know my username...has anyone ever found your new one and knew it was you?
If there was a restaurant that served Pokémon (as food) would you eat there and what would you order?
Dungeon Masters of Reddit what was the best campaign you ever did?
What classic beloved band do you really not care for?
Food Eaters of Reddit, what's a way that you enjoy food that others find weird or questionable?
In the movie Forrest Gump, do you think Jenny loved Forrest?
Pornstars of Reddit, what goes on behind the scenes that we dont know about?
What's the worst fast food meal you've gotten?
Does French, Italian or Greek food count as bland "white people food" when people talk about "white people food"?
Do you think by the end of the 20s robots will have taken over lots common jobs like trucking,uber,cashier,fast food etc.
Photographers
What did you use to think was a brilliant idea but have since changed your mind?
What are some dead subs you loved that you wish would make a comeback?
Redditors who've been a Sugar Daddy/Baby, was the relationship worth the money?
If you have pets, what's the strangest thing they've played with as a toy?
What does love look like to you?
What are/what is some things you’ve had to sacrifice in order to keep your relationship from ending?
Why is it that people have a negative outlook on love these days, and don’t care as much anymore about movie/disney style love, even if it is cheesy?
What is your experience when something felt too good to be true but was actually true?
Have you ever been in love with someone that is not attracted to your sex? How did you move on, cope, etc?
What food/drink is the most hunger-fulfilling/thirst quenching?
To: literally everyone. What is the main reason you love Keanu Reeves?
You could choose the way you die what would it be
How would you describe love?
The 50th Anniversary of the first Moon Landing is next month, July 20. The last was years later, in 1972, and we haven't been back (or gotten close) since. What's another massive disappointment we'll get in another 50 years?
Do you think you could have a relationship with one of your college professors is you matched on tinder?
Which is one incident in your life where you completely stopped eating Italian food?
[Serious] There's always this phrase floating around: "You can't love someone else unless you love your self first." Here's my question: How do you love yourself?
What's the best food and drink to wash it down with combination out there?
To people who work in the fast food or retail business, what are some Karen customer moments you have witnessed or been apart of?
Speed eaters of reddit, what’s the hardest food challenge you’ve ever faced?
Reddit, do you like eating your food together or separate, and why?
What has someone said that made you instantly fall in love with them?
What are some good ways to let my girlfriend know I really love her, other than just saying it?
What’s the most underrated food in your opinion?
What's your favorite food mix that sounds disgusting but actually tastes pretty good.
What terrible movie do you love?
Why are gay-marriage and killing unborn-kids political issues, when most people don’t care who other people marry or kill?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite fast food restaurant and why?
What are some not-so-nice subreddits that are VERY popular?
have you ever been told you’re too young to know that you’re in love? if so, how young were you?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, why do some of you not write down a diner's food order?
What's something that you wished you would've invented? And what's something that you would love to invent? Not looking to steal ideas just curious👀?
If every animal on Earth was given a language unique to their species and, if previously less than, a lifespan of a human, what animal would probably accomplish the most if they were all given a century?
What food combination do you love that other people think is strange?
What’s a good sub that proves love exists and isn’t just two people deciding the sex was good enough to stop sleeping around that will cure paranoia, and anxiety, that stems from what’s in the title?
Tall people of Reddit, what are the dumbest things people have asked/told you because you are tall?
What is an unofficial sin
Reddit, how can you describe your favourite foods in the most disgusting way possible?
[serious] What is a sweet/cute way of showing your love for your bf or gf?
Mother's of reddit that had sudden food cravings while pregnant, what's your story?
When did you realize you were in love with someone and what were the signs?
what is the worst fight you have seen in school?
I really love creating maps of fictional worlds, so I was wondering if there’s any apps for my iPhone or computer that I could get that allows me to create maps?
Why does food get cold but drinks get hot?
Why is Toy Story 2 considered the best movie in the series?
Is it gross to file nails in public?
What name do you think your pets would give you?
Reddit, what is love?
What percentage of Pewdiepie’s subscribers do you guys think are no longer living?
Why are some of us so bad at interpreting signals from a woman who likes us? Is this a straight male thing or does it apply to all men?
What are some good and usefull things you can do after finishing college when you dont really want to go to university?
Hey does anyone have that old vine saved where that black dude is getting roasted saying “young man, young man. Are you wearing a sleeveless shirt with Vaseline on your arms”
Redditors who studied history in college/university: What kind of work do you do now?
What is the best little known website to kill a few hours on?
Programmers of reddit, what do you think is the best programming language to learn first and what is the best way to do it(uni, books, online courses, etc.)?
You’ve been given the opportunity to go back in time and redo one mistake you’ve made. What do you pick and why?
You have to leave your home behind and live a nomad life. You're provided adequate food, water, clothing, and shelter. Beyond that, you get one backpack of personal belongings. What do you pack?
With today's love of Queen, how far can two F-16s infiltrate the Middle East, given that killer soundtrack?
What meal/food do you love the most but also regret eating the most?
Why do the English language have different words for animal and when it become food e.g. Cow-beef, pig-pork, squid-calamari. But not for chicken. (serious)
If you had to make a Utopia, what would you name it and, why, and what would you select to represent it (foods, plants, animals)? What laws do you have?
Those who have no kids but want them someday, would you rather have a son or a daughter? Why?
I'm writing a college essay. What are some things that are cultural appropriation that often get over looked or simplified?
[Serious] What would be a perfect activity for someone naturally clumsy to perfect the motoric skills and gain an outstanding control over the body?
How do you get rid of multiple women who are in love with you?
What would win in a fight to the death a 350 pound 6'0 silver back gorilla or 4 police dogs?
What crazy things are going on in the world that the public should be more aware of?
Depressed people of Reddit, what can your loved ones do to help you?
What do you love? What are you passionate about? Why?
What is a food that most people enjoy that you hate?
What are you having for supper tonight?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever done to get someone's attention?
What does it really feel to be in love?
Make-A-Wish
Should it be common knowledge by the time of entering college to know how to take the average of a set of numbers?
[Serious] How can I learn to love myself?
Dads of reddit, what is the best gift you received for Father's day?
Think about food, what’s the first one that comes to mind?
Which series has bad ratings, but you still loved it?
As a young adult, how did you deal with your family’s bankruptcy/financial issues? [Serious]
[serious] At what age did you realize you were smarter than average?
What is the worst/best prank your friends/loved ones have ever played on you?
Muslims of Reddit: How can a non-Muslim friend help in your time of grief after losing a loved one?
Would you rather be able to experience any one hedonic desire you want but have no memory of it or would you rather have the memory but never actually get to experience it?
What was the loveliest gift you gave to/got from your SO?
What custom requests or tweaks make your fast food item way better?
My Birthday’s coming up. Are there any good websites to sign up for that give free food or good deals on anything?
What is a weird food combination that actually tastes good?
[Serious]What is the biggest lie you've gotten away with in school/college/university?
When was the worst time you accidently mistook someone as someone else?
High School dropouts of reddit, what convinced you to go to college?
What is the most likeable food?
What's is it that you regret the most?
Father says not allowed to order chicken tenders because they are a “sissy/gay food”. How does one respond?
It's your half brother's 30th Birthday - You want to write him a card, saying he's always been your full bro and you love him as one. Genetics be damned. What do you say / write? My parents are divorced and I live with my mom and my brother ("half-brother") ?
Sex workers of reddit, what was the best customer experience you have ever had?
Why did you and your lover break up?
Liberals and Democrats of Reddit, how would you feel about the electoral college if Hillary had lost the popular vote, but still won the election?
What are your favorite food combinations?
What are some "food sins" in your country (bonus round guess the country)?
There's been a lot of proper love for Keanu Reeves lately. What's your favorite Keanu movie, or moment? What made it stand out to you?
Creative People of reddit, If you could have one super power that you’ve put a LOT of thought into, what would it be and why? (I’ll go first)
What will be the next biggest revolution in whole of the music industry?
Do women out there actually like dick pics and seek them out?
What are some of your best tips to being a better lover? (all replies welcome)
Do you like when your cat peeks around the corner, with 1 eye, to watch you jack off? How much do you like it?
Reddit, What is your “grammar” story?
New Redditors, why did you join reddit?
People of Reddit, what are your experiences with marrying a partner that you didn’t love or felt you could learn to love? [serious]
What are some sneaky red flags in a romantic relationship?
Parents of Reddit, what is a tradition that did not get passed down from your parents to your children?
have you ever ridden in an ambulance? if so, what’s the context behind it?
People who suffer/have suffered from depression, what is a common misconception that needs to end?
What are two foods that taste bad together, but taste great with an other third food?
What is something fun/productive to do the summer after college if you want to put off office life?
What’s a safe walking distance to be be behind someone without coming off as a creep or suspicious?
People of Reddit who have broken up with someone they later realised was the love of their life, what's your story?
Everyone has a story, what makes yours interesting?
What is a lie that is so common that we accepted it as true?
What's the dumbest idea you ever had?
What is some T from your life that you would like to spill to strangers in the internet?
For those who have "given up" on love, why?
Veterans of Reddit who have been in active combat areas, how do you deal with PTSD on a day to day basis?
People of Reddit, what are some fruits you love in juice form but hate in fruit form?
What would you say is the one fetish that people have in general but you don't get?
What is a food common in your home town that people from out of town probably haven't heard of before?
Have you ever stopped eating a certain food when eating out because of food poisoning you got from it? If so, what was it and what happened?
What’s something your spouse/significant other has done recently that’s just made you stop and tell yourself that you love them?
Where would you find silver on your submission?
Which product from those you ate with ice cream is the strangest?
What is a good Trade to make into a career these days? One that requires little to no college, but still has the potential to pay well.
[Serious] Are traps gay? Most people say yes, but what if you think of them as women, or don't think of them as guys?
What are your "the one that got away" stories?
For those that own a boat what is the best and worse things that have happened on the water for you?
What was a food you recently found out you had been eating "the wrong way" your entire life?
Redditers of Reddit, what is your favorate food.
People of reddit, who is your favorite professional or college sports team?
I’ll be going to college this fall. What advice would you have given your teen self in order to change the life you’re currently living?
What's something that you have right now that you would love to pass it down as a family heirloom?
Fast food lovers of Reddit, what is your biggest drive thru pet peeve?
What’s your strategy when dropping the browns off at the Super Bowl in a public restroom? Do you put your ass on the bare porcelain and feel the warmth of the previous user?
How would you feel if your adoptive child, adopted as an infant, now wanted to meet it's biological parents?
Hey doctors of Reddit...What are the ways to cure sinusitis?
What are some foods that you survived on during college/during a tough financial period in your life?
What's the best food to eat while drunk or stoned?
What's the best way to discreetly buy a bong with cash?
Have your pets ever saved your life before?
What is your least favorite favorite food?
People who work in a job related to programming, software development, etc, What does a day in your job look like? Do you like it?
What nearly universally loved band do you not only dislike but also don't get?
What are some scary nightmares you had as a child?
People who couldn't get loans or afford to go to college, how do you feel about student loan debt forgiveness?
What is the first food that comes to mind when you hear someone say “unhealthy food”?
What is the best unknown food combination?
business owners of reddit. do you give food to the homeless when they ask? just before closing? day old food?
How do you feel about the people who just post someone else’s good content to a different social media site?
What was the moment you realized you were in love with someone?
What is something you pretend to hate around other people but secretly love?
What’s the worst part about being a single father?
Victims of an unjustified revenge, what happened?
People who have cheated on their current SO/fiance/spouse why? have you told them? if so what happened? if not do you plan on it?
if you could only have ONE superpower what would it be
Why do grandmothers love their grandchildren more than the mothers?
Non-Americans who moved to America, what was the hardest thing to get used to when you first moved?
Dear new redditors, how is your experience so far?
What percent of the world population would agree with the statement that their life is stressful right now ? Including everyone who are capable of understanding the question (4 year olds and up) Keep in mind % of world pop in China and how they might answer and same with India ...
How come ialways thought college professors made a ton of money esp at big universities but actually they're almost all making below 50k a year? Why's the impression that they make a good living when this isn't even a good living at all?
What extreme foods would be completely unpalatable to the regular person who lacks the right background?
Redditers of reddit, what is your favorate food?
You have to eat a meal containing atleast 3 of your most hated foods to save your family, what are you eating?
Women of Reddit that have worked on Riot Games (or know any), how was the workplace for you?
Is posting the most amazing food picture without its recipe torture?
What kind of kits/tools are must haves for self sufficiency?
What do you think is the best way to have thoughtful, productive discussion in a comment thread?
What was your best investment?
What's your "I told you so" story?
Did you ever manage to get over your first love?
What’s your favorite mobile game of all time?
Do you have a crazy coworker lunch theft story? Was the food thief caught? What happened to them?
what are the best tv shows to watch after a long and hard day?
What behavior is more popular than it should be?
How do you decide whether or not you will ever be comfortable talking about politics with your family?
Techies of Reddit, what's your favorite activity to do when you have some time to kill?
Should I crash a wedding...
For people who dropped out of college. What was your tipping point?
Desk workers of Reddit, what hobbies do you have at work?
Dear reddit users, if you were in john wicks position what would you do?
How would you complete this sentence? There is nothing worse than being a(n)...
What movie traumatized you as a kid?
If you had enough money to buy one thing, what would that one thing be?
[serious] What time has your "gut feeling" saved you?
I Was Outed As Gay To The Whole School(Worst Friend Ever)
What’s the best way to help someone who is mourning the death of a loved one?
Is there a serial killer targeting Americans in the Dominican Republic or is something wrong with the food and drinks that we haven’t been told, what can it be?
What's it like being in love?
Fast food employees of reddit, what was the largest meal you’ve ever given to one single customer?
What’s one Phenomenon that makes no fucking sense?
Who's going to win Champions league today Liverpool or Tottenham, i think is going to be very exciting game to watch, i am rooting for Liverpool to win it What do you guy's think?
Engineers of reddit, what are the most interesting/challenging tasks you have ever done and why?
When talking to a girl/guy, what made you stop in your tracks and just look at them and say “I think I’m in love with you”?
What is your go to "easy to make food, but absolutely delicious"?
What do you hate as a child, but love as an adult?
Who do you love the most?
How do you finally learn to accept and love yourself with all the flaws?
What's the best pet for a college student?
What are some truly amazing things in everyday life that we have become immune to?
What is the dumbest question you ever been asked at work
People who don't let's their pets on the bed, why don't you let them?
What are you currently stressed about?
What is your favorite food and WHY?
Every Conspiracy Theory Ever Conceived Is Now True For The Next 24 Hours, Whats The First Thing You Do?
What's something you have to say to that creep who stares at you in reflective surfaces?
Everyone in Reddit, when was the most embarrassing time you peed your pants?
Picky eaters of reddit, what is a food that you used to have no problem eating but won't touch now?
What help you get out of vicious love relationships?
Who’s your favorite Asian character in a movie or tv show and why?
What is one food that you used to love until someone/something ruined it for you?
Those who have lost loved ones due to anti-vax,how do you react to anti-vax memes?
If a girl and a guy were locked in a giant bio dome with their memories wiped. They had food and water what would happen? Would they know what to eat and to drink instinctively? Would they know how to reproduce without being told?
What one edible, food-grade ingredient would ruin the best Macaroni &amp; Cheese dish? [serious]
Which TV worlds would you love to see collide?
Which romantic/love song has the most creepy lyrics when spoken in a sinister sounding voice?
What is something you hated the first time you tried it but loved it the second time around?
Did you have a food you hated as a kid but had a life experience that made you love it? What’s the story?
People who grew up in the 70s/80s outside America, what was pop culture like?
How much does an independent blacksmith make?
Which type of person does it the phrase “it takes one to know one” actually applies?
What are good dramas (also asian dramas) with either glow ups or "fat" girl leads as love interests?
I'm a 31 yr old new dad with $80k in student debt I'm paying off. Have a good job and good credit, and about to be a homeowner. School loans taught me responsibility. What are the reasons I should or shouldn't save up for my son's future college tuition?
Have you ever had your gut tell you "no" and it ended up saved your life?
Seafood lovers, how can I get into seafood?
Is there someone you tell people you hate but secretly love/respect? Who?.
What were your favorite Java games back in those old Java phone days?
What couldn't have worked out better?
I just got the Line app
Is college worth it? Are all the late nights, continuous stress, various departments bureaucracy , exhausting mental work, and overall bullshit worth it?
Dunny etiquette
Ever have an absurd nightmare as an adult that left you shaken all day long?
If you were stuck in a single room, but food and water weren't an issue, where would you be stuck in, alone
What do you love/hate about Taylor Swift?
What’s a food from your culture that you think everyone should try?
Have you ever choked on food?
Why do you love/hate your job?
What is your most favorite food?
What food is better reheated than fresh?
Hey everyone, what's a meal youve thought you'd love to be able to get from a store, but can't, whether that's a ready meal, or something a bit more premium.
What is something you hid from your parents on the basis of you thinking it was wrong, but it wasn't?
Teachers of reddit. The oldest student in my class has oppositional defiant disorder (ODD). When the other children see the way he acts they think they can disrespect me too. How do I bring order to class without making him feel unloved?
What is something that rich people love but poor people hate?
/u/AutoModerator on How can I promote self love and confidence?
What stories do you know of where a person got credit for/stole another person's invention or idea?
I simply cannot decide if its better to buy a Pc or a laptop? And if so which set up? I'm using it for college. I really want the best bang for my buck.
I love reddit.
Couples who had a baby to try to fix the relationship, did it work?
What food combo do you enjoy but others find disgusting
What is the most addictively satisfying game on the PS4?
Hey Reddit, what are some tips for living in a college dorm?
What food tastes better as a leftover than when first cooked?
At what moment did you first realize that you genuinely love your SO
Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
What's life in your country or just city? What's your lovely things there? I'm so interested in it
What does "love" and "I love you" mean to you?
Take how many people are in your household, multiply that by how many pets you own, and add the product to the number of letters your favorite food has in its name, not including the spaces. What is your number?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was your most bizarre interaction (good or bad) with a customer during the busy hours?
What's a scene you love from a film you wouldn't say you love overall?
"Glove don't fit, you got to acquit." "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee -- your eyes can't hit what your eyes can't see." "Beer before liquor, you've never been sicker." What are some of your favorite pop culture quotes and/or rules of thumb that happen to rhyme?
What made you fall in love with your crush?
What is the best love song of all time?
What's the worst thing you've seen happen at a baby shower?
Why do you love food?
The black panther is actually a leopard
what's your lover name?
What animals are smarter than most people think?
[serious] If food and water are human rights, why aren't they provided to everyone through public funds?
What is something that should be a stereotype about the place you live, but isn't?
Whats a trait or a food/drink order youve adapted from a fictional character
Dear Reddit, what was a moment where you did something stupid and realised you ducked up later?
What's a tip that could save someones life?
What was the best compliment you ever received from the opposite sex?
Bots of Reddit, how do you and your AI friends plan on taking over the world?
What is the most underrated food?
[serious] Dear redditors what is the single scariest experience you have had during a road trip?
What's your favorite food combination / creation that everyone should try?
If you were to open a resturaunt, what type of food would it be based off of?
People who come from a culture/tradition that is usually not seen on Western TV or movies, tell us something different that happens in your weddings from the norm.
In what capacity the middle America or fly over states are racist as often suggested on MSM or Social Media?
Which 1 fast food restaurant would you choose if you had unlimited access of food for free? and why? (Limited to just yourself/1-3 meals a day)
After reading this post, you have one minute to create a new ice cream flavor. Go.
People who have lost a loved one, what is something really cool or unique they could do?
What is the most underrated food in your opinion?
Why is love so beautiful and painful at the same time?
A hard choice
When was the moment that you realized that you were completely over someone you once had love/feelings for?
How much do you ladies love your BFF? Are you like sisters? Why?
If aliens took over the planet and made humans their personal pets, what would their top pet ownership tips be?
Women of Reddit, what is the pick up line that made you bust out laughing?
Past alcoholics of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing you have done that ended up being great?
What is something decreasing in value, but increasing in price (besides college)?
Do you keep photos from a previous relationship?
Wrong Answers Only: What do you just love about Women?
You have to come up with a name for your metal band inspired by a fast food item. What’s the name of your band?
Managers that deal with lots of teenage/young employees, can you ever tell if they have a crush on a coworker?
People of Reddit who work in the Video games industry. How hard was it to get into a post secondary program for Video games? (Canadian, American, European schooling etc)
People who have tattoos...does it hurt? Why and why not?
What food/dishes does the US love that other countries think is disgusting?
What's the strangest addiction you've heard about ?
Teasing real life lovers through reddit?
Time to spread some positivity, what is something you love about yourself or someone you know?
I’m making a documentary on normies what do you guys want to see in it?
What is the biggest fear you people have?
When was the best time your brain stopped functioning for a moment?
What are the chances that your partner will fall in love with you all over again if they lose their memory of you?
What does beer/wine taste like shit the 1st time you ever drink it, but later in life it ends up tasting amazing and compliments food really well?
What are some weird food combinations that you would think are disgusting but are actually delicious?
What do you like/love about yourself and why?
I don’t understand it. What makes someone want to marry someone if the love remains the same without it? Is it because of the title that is given?
What was the big scandal at your school?
What food, fictional or real, do you crave right now?
Gamers of reddit. What combination of games, would make the "perfect" game?
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have some butt fun sessions with and why?
What are some shows that are/was loved by many, but you hated? Also why?
When did you and your SO first say “I love you?”
What bills have been passed in the past year or so (sense the midterms)?
How can I make money on reddit?
What's the first movie you ever saw in HD? How does it compare now?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is the worst person you've defended?
[serious] seriously what the fuck is love?
What was the last thing you tasted for the first time and how much did you love or hate it?
Fellow Redditors, Do you guys love a country that isn’t your own?
Fast food workers of Reddit, whats the strangest interaction you’ve had with a customer?
Why did my post with 1.5k upvotes only give me 800 karma
What is the most disappointing “high-class” food experience you’ve ever had?
How do I help my little brother develope a love of learning from a distance?
I'm new, so what are the rules on getting banned from subreddits?
Fathers of Reddit, what specific moment made you fall in love with your son or daughter?
What name makes you instantly assume you will dislike the person associated with it, based solely on the fact that you’ve met assholes with the same name?
What rules would you implement If you were the head of a committee in college?
Which Movie Title describes your love life accurately?
What is the weirdest reason your government has given for why you should not go to a foreign country?
What’s the most out of date food you’ve found in your cupboard?
What song has the most "so bad it's good lyrics", and what's a juicy sample of them?
What food would you like to try and why?
Ladies and gentlemen, what was the absolute WORST date you've ever been on?
What food do you love but it doesn't love you back?
Guys, do you ever fantasize turning a lesbian into straight?
People of reddit, what are your best flat- earthed stories?
If you are 20 years old and able to afford an apartment, own food, own bills etc.. do your parents have any say in if you can move out or not?
Americans of Reddit, What sounds like it should be illegal but somehow isn't?
Residents, ex-residents, and RAs of college dormitories/living spaces, what are some of your craziest stories?
Police officers of Reddit, have you ever arrested or detained someone who was breaking one of those weird state laws? If so, what are your stories?
[Serious] What prayers do you have for your surgeon before and after your or loved ones surgery?
A wierd question
What online job can I do as a college student with no experience whatsoever?
How do you maintain love in your relationships?
Religious people of reddit, how does it feel to love a God in comparison to love a human like wife, kids and so on?
What if all that states in the USA were represented by food, what would your state be represented by?
Of all the so-called "Life hacks" what's one that's actually usefull?
What was the craziest thing that happened to you or somebody you know in college?
What is the most unsettling thing a person has said to you?
What are you tips when starting a new job?
Reddit. I was working as a IT Guy making emails, fixing computers, Making lots more emails, and still working on school. I was wondering what a good wage per hour like fast food is 8.75 so i want to go higher than that but not crazy 10figure but just enough tohelpformycar.(BTW 6monthstime)????
Why are teen girl virgins looked down upon?
Why is there no drug/treatment that helps people fall out of love / get over a crush?
What food do you like to binge-eat?
What's the weirdest/funniest video you've seen on YouTube?
What would happen if an elected president/prime Minister where to refuse the office i.e. Refuse to be sworn in?
What’s your favourite food recipe?
Who do you think will become the next world superpower and how long until they overtake the US?
If you didn’t have legs and could replace them with anything else, what would you choose?
[Serious] What is your current opinion of Reddit?
What helps you fall asleep when you’re having a restless night?
People who dropped out of college without the intentons to do this, how was the next few weeks/months?
What's the biggest defect your partner has but doesn't stop you to still love them?
How does one cope with the loss of a loved one's life?
What are some things you wish you could like more? and why can't you?
How different would the world's infrastructure be if instead of people pooping everyday, everyone pooped a years amount in a single 24 hour period known as "the great poop"?
Has anyone found the love of their life after divorce?
What are some useful items to get in preparation of the inevitable collapse of society?
How to deal with a relationship where your love is abuser and sociopath, but you still love them?
Upper class people who didn’t go to college, how did you make your earnings?
What to do when you are waiting for food delivery?
What is a dark moment in you country's history and how were you taught about it?
Who was the worst teacher you encountered throughout grade school and why? Did you ever “stick it to the man”?
How do you become a person who can blow a girl's mind? (Or people in general)
[serious]People of Reddit, who was the most sadistic person you have ever met?
You have an hour to make the best food you can possibly make. What do you make?
What shoulder injury is this?
People of Reddit have you ever fell in love with your best friend?was it successful or not?
What’s a weird food combo you like?
Why do dogs love belly rubs but most cats hate them?
Outside of retail/fast-food, what are some legitimate ways teenagers can earn money?
Do you have any regrets about going to (or not going to) college?
Would it be offensive for me to get a Totem Pole tattoo if I’m not of Native American descent? I love the craftsmanship and artistry that goes into creating Totem Poles and I thought it would be neat to get one with a Pokémon twist.
If you found out that the person you love the most actually hates you, how would you feel? Who are they?
Real question - Athletes who eat an avocado a day, what else is in your daily / weekly food regimen?
What specific food do you think everyone should eat?
Did you feel sometimes that you are god?
Today I decided to make an Reddit account. I'm completely new to Reddit and I was wondering if there's something I'd need to know. Of course, the rules, which I'll be checking right after this post, is there anything else? Like, means of getting around and/or getting used to Reddit?
Where can you get the best fast food tacos from?
Which food doesn’t get improved by adding cheese?
What thing did your parent(s) say around you that, even if they weren't a bad parent overall, kind of messes with you to this day?
What kind of weird food combos do you have?
Divorced people of Reddit who are now in relationships - do you love your current SO any less than your previous? [Serious]
What is something you learned about your SO only after you got married?
Which online course should i take to learn android programming?(i have zero knowledge at any program language)
What is your favorite fast food place?
Ladies of Chaturbate - why do you spank yourself? Does it not hurt?
What is your favorite fast food place and your go-to order?
There are two kinds of people on the internet, who are they?
What disney movie villan you just love and why?
What will Never be Affected by Climate Change?
What was your craziest experience in Puerto Rico/Cuba?
Rich Redditors (close to or upwards of $300k salary), how did you get to the point you're at now, with specifics (jobs, college, majors, etc.)?
How do you know if you really love someone and that it's not just infatuation? And do you think you can feel both these things for someone?
What are the most walkable cities in the US?
Agnostic people of Reddit. You're earthly life has just ended abruptly. In your perfect word..what happens next?
What’s the nicest thing that anyone has ever done for you out of nowhere?
Fellow fast food/retail workers of Reddit what's the most entitled customer you've had?
What did you love reading in middle school and how did the teacher make you want to read it?
[Serious] Dear Reddit, I love scary stories so, what's your scariest paranormal experience?
What do you wish you could have said to a loved one before they died?
What is your favourite food?
Redditors who failed a year in school, how bad was it?
How did you know someone was the one? Whether you had just met or had been dating. Was there something that happened or did you just KNOW?
What video game should I consider buying?
If you can represent your country with a food, what would it be?
Vegans of Reddit what time did you mistakenly ate non vegan food?
Fast food employees of Reddit, do you actually enjoy the food you make? Or do you just get tired of it?
Is it ethical to base a podcast on reading random stories others post on Reddit and reacting to them?
If you had to name someone, the most beloved human in the world, who would it be?
Women of Reddit; Do you prefer men with messy hair or well maintained hair?
How can we deconstruct love?
What is the best meal you have had from a place who’s main attraction is not food?
What aspect of your job, do you love the most?
Have you ever fall in love with someone very underage, and you wait until they old enough to get serious relationship? What’s your story?
What's the biggest culture shock you have experienced?
Redditors of Reddit, what is love?
What and where has been the best food you've ever tasted?
What are some fun facts about Keanu Reeves? (You know what I’m asking for)
What is the most American thing you have ever seen or done?
What's a family tradition you love?
What is a ‘sick people food(eg:porridge)’ that you really enjoy?
Should I pick honors choir (which I have been a member of since freshman year) or honors calc for my class in senior year in preparation for college?
For anyone whose been part of a police lineup that was innocent, what was you experience like and how were you selected?
What's something that everyone does differently, but everyone thinks they do it right?
What are some of the most delicious weird food combos ?
What store-bought brands taste most like fast food?
Help Me Choose My First Fleshlight/Toy Please
Ladies I need some answers?
Pet lovers of Reddit, if your pet could speak, what do you think he/she would say?
[Serious] 你好吗？
Why?
People of Reddit, how did love find you?
As a kid, I thought that the best tasting food was the worst for your health, and that the two were inversely correlated. What's an exception to that 'law'?
What is the the best way for a person to get out of "no college degree and limited factory/fast food work experience" job purgatory?"
Non-Chefs of Reddit: What 1 food dish can you make that people would pay to eat?
How would you define love?
Hey r/AskReddit, what'd you have for breakfast this lovely morning?
People who have stood up to bullies, how did it turn out and what was you experience?
What's the most disgusting food combination you have seen that someone actually enjoyed?
A persons age is stated in years which is based on the earth's rotation around the sun. If they are born on a different planet or galaxy, that measurement is different. What could be used as a universal measurement of time to express ones age?
What food will you never get tired of?
What weird food combinations do you like?
What’s a food that you loved as a kid, but now find repulsive?
Current and former fast food workers of Reddit, what is the worst thing you ever saw or did?
What statistic do you wish wasn't true?
What have you done that helped you come to terms with a loved one's death?
What's the most amount of food you ate in one sitting?
What modern day movie or television show do you think you would have loved as a child?
What is your relationship with food ?
Does anyone have some Mary Poppins theories like who she is or where she came from?
What was your biggest “fuck it” moment
If ALL animals could speak one day, would meat still be our main source of food?
Parents of Reddit, what is the one thing you genuinely love about your kid/kids?
What is something that everyone presumes is safe but in actuality can be very harmful?
Couples of Reddit, what is one thing your SO does that most people find annoying that you just love?
American Adults of reddit: I have a college degree with an entry level job yet I’m still struggling to make ends meet. Is that normal or just a symptom of our weaker economy?
911 Operators, what is the stupidest call you’ve ever taken?
The zombie apocalypse has started. You get to pick one person from this group to stay by your side the entire time. Keanu Reeves, Elon Musk and The Rock. Who do you choose?
If you had to eat one food for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the thing you love the most and the thing you hate the most about your country?
How can someone identify as non-binary and trans at the same time? [serious]
What are some bad things you can say about your favorite food?
Is it a bad thing to be attracted to the blood of people you love?
[Serious] Why doesn't all junk food come with a warning label?
What is you're most traumatic childhood experience?
What is something that is completely normal yet terrifies you?
Why does coffee never taste as good as it smells?
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
[Serious] What are some things you should definitely not do in college?
What's the worst thing you've seen a fast food employee do/say that only you saw
Why do British people love talking about the weather ?
People of reddit, what types of food did you think were healthy until you found out they weren’t?
Art lovers of Reddit: who do you think is the most OVERRATED visual artist of all time? And which painting is overly hyped?
What is a true Reddit love story that you know of? Did it end well or terribly?
What has been your personal "Faith in humanity destroyed / restored" moment?
Binge-watchers : Why do you re-watch the same tv show multiple times, even after you've memorized the lines?
Ok, so Yelp is evil, what is a good alternative app to find food and food reviews by location?
Why aren't A-list actors into darker shit like sex cults or any of the dark stuff going on in DC like they have the influence and access but it seems they are loners like Johnny Depp etc?
What rule do you love breaking?
What’s the most “ WTF ” moment in your life?
What is your wildest truth or dare game?
What is love?
What is a food you love that others might find unappealing based off appearance and texture?
What food or drink puts the taste of vomit in your mouth just thinking about it?
What will your significant other never find out about?
What food are you currently addicted to? And why do you love it so much?
What are some foods or food combinations that you love, but most people hate?
Bean lovers of reddit, what’s your favorite bean?
What feels better than 2 girls blowing you?
What’s your most “yea we kindy stopped doing that after that happened” story?
What was the last argument you had with yourself? And who won?
Does anyone ever drink coffee at night to calm down?
Have you ever stolen someone else's food from the work fridge? If so, why?
What really goes on in the kitchen of places that serve food?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what’s your most memorable drive-thru moment?
The last food item you bought is the only food you can eat for the rest of your life, what food do you have to eat for the rest of your life?
What are you ashamed of?
What's the most degenerate food combo you've ever had, or seen someone put together?
What’s your favourite genre of music and how did you discover it?
To the women of Reddit, what advice do you have for dads, to raise lovely daughters
What tune do you sing to your pets when you come home?
What is a love nazi ?
How did going to college help you improve yourself?
People of Reddit, what's your go-to place to get great food?
Where was the most underwhelming place you ever visited?
What can I do with my undergraduate degree in mathematics?
What would the world be like if everyone had the same personality as you?
What's an unexpected terrible combination of otherwise delicious food?
Cat fosters of Reddit. My sisters cat recently had kittens and long story short I’m taking care of them. For context I have the basics, food, water, litterbox, box for the mom/kittens. What advice/tips etc should I know for raising kittens?
Going into college, what would be your optimal room environment? Or if you've graduated, what was ideal and what wasn't?
What fast food chain is your favorite and what's your favorite thing on the menu?
People who were secretly in love with their best friend and ended up marrying them. How did you leave the friendzone and whats your story?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the craziest thing a child has brought to, or said, during “show and tell”?
What is the most amount of money you have lost?
[Serious] What movie or TV would you love to see a gritty reboot of and why?
What are some of the scariest things you found while in the woods?
Have you ever "fell in love" in a dream ? Like you dream about a relationship with a person you don't know, and everything feels so real, that you wake up with a pinch at the heart ?
What's a blatant continuity error in a beloved movie/tv show of yours that you only noticed when a friend who'd never seen it before pointed it out?
What food combination or mix sounds disgusting, but actually tastes delicious?
People who were given contaminated candy/sealed food, how could you tell or how did you realize afterwards? (Serious)
Dear redditors of reddit, what is the most interesting thing about your country?
What specific food or meal do you look forward to?
Do you know any food or spice which is only for the rich but the average person will be able to enjoy it in the future, like it used to be with coffee, potato, salt etc...?
Picky eaters of Reddit, if you were given a lifetime supply of your least favorite food, what would you do with it?
What is something you love complaining about?
If the world were one where every person was born with a random ability what would you want yours to be? Would you become a professional hero or villain? What’s your hero/villain name?
What can help you get drunk faster and make it last longer?
Soccer lover of Reddit, are you watching the female world cup, and what's your opinion on female sport in general?
What is the one food you are craving the most right now?
The transition from uni/college life to work life causes some friendships to change and others to fizzle out. So reddit, how do you cope with it?
Short drivers of reddit, what kind of a car do you drive?
Redditor’s effected by reckless or drunk driving, what would you tell to teenagers just getting there license? What is your or your loved ones story?
When did you last apologize to someone, and did this strengthen your bond with the other person?
What were the weirdest cravings for food you've ever had?
Redditors who graduated college and immediately realized they HATE what they signed up for, what are you doing now?
People of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing you had to print for a customer at your work
People who work in fastfood, is the drivethrough challenge annoying you?
Gender Pay Gap Opinions? I was recently searching for colleges on PayScale and became embroiled by how much less qualified women get paid than men especially in demanding and technical STEM fields. How do you all feel about this? Do any women have experiences with this that they would like to share?
I’m 18 and college bound yet I feel a sort of incompleteness and emptiness in my life thus far. For those who have graduated high school, have you felt this way before or am I just insane?
What do you expect from a love relationship?
The person you last saw is now in love with you, how lucky are you?
What is a harsh truth about life that people don't want to accept?
Subreddits for Alien/UFO findings, Mysterious crazy stuff.
How common is it for a new father to be jealous that his wife loves the baby 'more' than him?
What is something that you took a risk on and failed horribly?
You are going to name undead foodstuffs for a game, like a zombie chili pepper being Zalapeño. What food will it be amd how will you name it?
How can you turn your life around when you're 23 with no job and no degree?
What video game series would you love to become an anime?
Without mentioning the artist or song title, what are the most offensive lyrics you know?
how my intimateblove for pregnant women all begun
What are the 2 worst food combo's you can think of?
What is a nice way to tell someone you love “I told you so”?
『 강남셔츠룸 Θ 강남란제리 』 ∩ 강남술집 ∋ 강남술집추천 ∀ 강남역술집 ∋ 룸살롱 ※ 룸싸롱 ⊆ 가라오케 ∀ 퍼블릭 금나라 ○ 010 → 4648→ 0930 ∋ 강남 〔 유〉흥〉王 〕 Ω 술집 ♬ 술집추천 ♪ 노래 ♩ 노래방 ∀ 노래바 ▤ 강남룸살롱룸싸롱퍼블릭가라오케셔츠룸란제리술집 ∋ 「 강남셔츠룸 ∂ 강남란제리 」∩ 강남룸살롱 Ξ 강남룸싸롱 ％ 강남가라오케 χ 강남퍼블릭 금나라 ⓜ 010 ＊ 4648＊ 9930＆ 싸롱 ☆ 강남가라오케 ◇ 강남퍼블릭 금나라
Which two foods that you enjoy individually would make the worst combination?
What is one thing that everyone thinks you love but in reality hate with all of your heart?
What is the best movie song? My wife says its my heart will go on. I want to agree but I love everything from the lion king... Also in the running is I don't want to miss a thing.
Reddit, do you know any good political podcasts I should listen to?
Have you loved someone, but it just wasn't the right time? What's your story?
With tomorrow being the 75th anniversary of D-Day, what are some of your favorite D-Day documentaries?
What was the moment you realised you were in love?
People spend so much time doubting their food choices…it is probably equivalent to having a part-time job. Do you ever just want to quit your “food job” and eat what you want?
What food combination do you love to eat but are too embarrassed to admit it?
What is love?
What is something you've done thinking its illegal/scary and got your heart pounding, but ended up being no big deal at all?
People who love a really specific music genre, what makes it special to you?
When was the last time you read your most beloved book from childhood?
What one non-pay-related rule would you change about your job that would make working there a million times better?
If you were to have one day in which costs and negative health effects were non existant for all foodstuffs, what would be your meal layout for that day?
Redditors who went to prestigious athletic colleges, did you ever see a teacher treat a student athlete differently just because they were a student athlete? Was it common to see that?
What is something that you never believed in (ex: ghost/Bigfoot/paranormal stuff) up until a certain experience you had?
What does it feel like to be in love?
What is a weird food combo that is surprisingly good?
What is a weird food combo you swear by?
/u/Lasagna_lover_69's accidental haiku
What would you do if you had to choose between either always drinking your food, or somehow eating your drinks? Why?
Fashion tips for casual wearing college grad going into professional world?
What is love to you?
Where did the 'Gangster S' come from?
What's the weirdest food you ate? Was it good?
Why don't we still have a medicine or a method to stop body hair from growing than having to shave everytime?
What is a food that 95% of the world doesnt make nearly as good as your Mom/Grandma/Dad, etc?
What are some deadly food combinations?
Hello AR. What's the worst thing you've ever done in order to help/protect your family (or your partner)?
What company do you like that Reddit seems to hate?
Redditors what are your comfort foods?
Why do girls love sex and enjoy it as men?
What's a food or snack that you love, but most people find unappetizing?
What is your favourite video game weapon?
What is the smallest amount of power you've seen go to someone's head!
Whats a double standard youd love to see gone in the near future?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What has your pet done that shows they truly love you?
Why are people impatient when waiting in line for food samples?
People is Reddit, what are the most dated songs in your opinion?
What is your favourite order from a fast food restaurant?
How did your significant other first tell you they loved you?
So who do you think won E3 this year?
Why are sausage rolls not rolls made of sausage?
Parents of Reddit, What is the worst thing you found on your child's history?
What is an embarrassing moment that your family/loved ones refuse to let you forget about?
What’s the most WTF lyric in a song
What is one thing you loved doing that you ALWAYS did in school?
When did you notice how dependant you were on your support system
Grocery store cashies of reddit. What ways have you judge costumers and their food purchases during check out?
does anyone else love art soley necause it lets you truly escape into your own world?
As the California Roll is to sushi, what are other basic choices of ethnic food?
Can you go to work high in the states where weed is legal?
What food taste better after it sits for a while?
What are you currently going through that you just want to vent about?
If you can have an unlimited amount of your favour food free of charge any time you want.... but every ones in a while, when you least expected, a random person will jump out and sucker punch you/kick you where the sun says: "heII nah I won't shine on that sucker"... would you do it?
Gamers of Reddit, is there video game that you loved that had a sequel on the next console? If so, how did you feel and did you buy both the game and the console?
What pets should require a test before obtaining one?
What came first, the chicken or egg?
College Graduates of Reddit, how did the prestige of the college you graduated from affect you after graduation?
Movie and lovers of Reddit, who is the most villainous character you have seen on the big screen?
I have an IOS by the way. sometimes in my job at a fast food restaurant I find change on the ground like pennies, nickels, dimes or even quarters. I want to start earning it up. Is there an app where I can take care how much change I gather up and possibly even set a goal?
What makes reddit love Keanu Reeves so much?
Toilet paper: under which circumstances do you fix it if it is on the wrong way?
People that work at fast food restaurants, whats the worst experience you've had?
Redditors, are young loves (the ones that for sure cant be forever/have family or forever) as good as people make it look, and why?
Do you love your self?
You have a chance to create a permanent cure for cancer. But it costs the life of someone you love. What do you do?
What's a perfect example of truth being stranger than fiction?
What’s something you use to buy at a grocery store that you loved that is no longer available in your area or not available at all due to discontinuation?
What do you find annoying but everyone else loves?
Dear redditors. What subreddits do I subscribe to?
LGBTQ people of reddit, when/how did you realize you are LGBTQ?
What happened on the worst day of your life?
Father's of Reddit, what one thing did you love but your child absolutely ruined for you?
Married folk, how did you know they were the one?
Where is the funniest place you have been where someone mistook you for an employee?
When was the last time crop dusting in a public place, such as an office or school hallway, sent you into near hysterical fits of laughter?
What's a matter you had to take into your own hands?
What thing does everybody hate but you love, and you're usually too shy to admit it ?
Which subreddit talks about little things gf/wife does that make their s.o. feel loved?
Ladies of Reddit. Skinny but handsome or Buff but ugly
What are some of your best tips to being a better lover?
What are some of the foods that you hate?
What regained your faith in love?
What did your family do with the ashes of a loved one?
What part of a persons face do you look when in a conversation or watching people talking on screen?
What made the unpopular kid popular and/or vise versa at your school/college?
Pet Owners of Reddit, what is one weird trait that your pet has that makes you love it even more?
Software developers, QA testers, and other programming related workers, what is the most ridiculous "I can't believe that's even possible" bug you've ever seen.
Your mom and your girlfriend/lover switch minds, and you have to have sex with one of them to switch them back. They both would remember what happens. What do you do?
What do you love about yourself?
What's your go to food/drink when you've become sick?
What other girly things do male fans of candid, talentless reality tv shows (like Keeping up with the Kardashians) love to do?
What is your #1 tip to being a better human being?
Am i the only one that loves nightmares?
Redditors, have you ever dreamed consciously? What have you created in this/these dream(s)?
[Serious] What are some sites of popular music heritage?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what non-existent menu item did you create for yourself?
What is the best album to listen to while high?
How much karma do you need in order to have reddit pay you to post?
Dear Reddit what's craziest idea you've ever had while high that later turned out to be a really dumb idea?
Fast food employees of reddit, what is your worst experience in the industry?
How do I stop being lazy?
What is the craziest thing you've done for love?
If karma didn’t exist on Reddit, how do you think the app or site would change?
If you were to choose a champion in trial by combat, Game of Thrones style (someone alive on earth now) who would you choose and why?
Who can send me some food? I am on the verge of death please for the love of god
(Serious) Is there a lot of disabled people born in Germany since the 1940’s? did they reduce disabilities within their country?
Which combination of food sounds bad but turned out delicious?
I'm in love with my friend but she likes my friend more than me. What do I do? [Serious]
Streamers of Reddit how much do you actually make a year?
People who rent houses out to college kids, is it worth it?
What are some subtle ways to show love?
What food used to revolt you but you now love? What caused the change?
what are the mos fun android/ios games to play on laptop?
What game made you fall in love with gaming?
You just won the lottery for $68 billion. To accept this you must leave the love of your life and never speak to them again. Which do you choose?
When did you realize that you were the ‘Karen’ of the situation?
Picky eaters of Reddit, what is your fav food?
History-lovers of reddit, who were the funniest leaders of countries in history?
Gamers of Reddit, what game or series started your love for games?
Which food would you eat if you had to choose only one for the rest of your life?
Vets of Reddit, what is one story that you found particularly sad?
What is a TV Show that you said you’d never watch, but ended up watching and fell in love with?
What kind of food/drink did you start liking after you grew up?
What's the nastiest thing you've ever been told about or seen when it comes to fast food restaurants?
What do you do to better yourself when in a bad situation?
[Serious] Why does so much food get thrown out from restaurants rather than being given to the needy?
How do I sort my feed by new
What was the worst food you've seen someone serve at a potluck dinner?
Partners of actors/actresses, how do you feel when you're partner needs to do a kissing/love scene?
Sex workers customers of reddit, who was the grossest sex worker you met?
What does "that" mean to you in Meat Loaf's I would do anything for love but I won't do that?
What food gives off the worst first impression?
Food delivery workers, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve encountered when delivering food?
Have you ever went few days without showering just because you loved the smell ?
How do you know when to say you love someone?
Sometimes people refer to sparkling water as "angry water". What emotions do other foods and drinks embody?
What's a combination of foods that you think is just so wrong or disgusting?
People of Reddit what was the worst/cringiest thing the person that liked you did for your attention
What are some good songs by usually terrible artists?
Why is it considered funny for people to ask "where's mine?" when you show up with food from somewhere for yourself?
What's a show that you didn't want to watch but started it anyways and loved it?
What type of subreddit would you love to have exist and be popular?
What is something that you can get away with as a child but not adult?
Simple question. What's your favorite food?
was college a better experience for you than high school? and if so, why?
You are physically manifested into 3 or 4 your reddit feeds and subscriptions. What are you seeing around you?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant, and why?
Reddit, what is the worst deep fried food you can think of?
What is one song that you hate but everyone else loves?
What really turns you on; but you would never do it yourself?
For a pick up order (food) I don’t believe in tipping, but I do anyway like around 10% or less. Does anyone not tip on a to-go order? Do you treat it like you’re sitting in?
What would you choose to evolve on human body and why ?
Reddit, have you ever eaten something you weren't supposed to? What was it?
What are some unappreciated subreddits that don’t get enough love or attention?
What should you do is your colleague is favoured by your superiors and dominates the entire team?
Women of Reddit do you really care about a man's penis size? And men of Reddit do you care about the size of womens breasts?
What are cartoons you Hate as a kid but love now?
What’s the best food to eat when you’re hungover?
How to be diplomatic and tactful?
What shouldn't exist but totally does?
Add or remove a letter from a celebrities name. What is he/she doing now?
Fast food workers of Reddit, What was the most disgusting thing you’ve found at your job?
Redditors, deep question incoming. What about death do you fear the most?
Hey Redditers, what was the weirdest thing you had ever witnessed in your entire life?
To Any Millionaires, What Did You Do To Achieve Your Wealth?
People that leave a mess in public restrooms instead of cleaning up after themselves, why? Do you act like that at home?
Without modern medicine and technology what issue did you have that would have killed you?
Why are college professors so damn rude and arrogant to the students? (Serious)
Pescatarians of Reddit. What are some solid food ideas for dinner?
What’s your worst fast food experience as worker or a customer?
Reddit, what's your joke that always get people laughing?
Garbage truck drivers of reddit, what is the strangest thing you have seen in the garbage?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done because you were in love - or probably just obsessing - with someone?
If you're trying to get into a field that seems to require experience on all job listings and you aren't young an in college to get an internship, what's the best way to get your foot in the door?
What’s a food you ate so much you hate now to even look at?
Sleep talkers of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing you’ve said in your sleep?
(Serious) Students of Reddit, what are some tips or advice to becoming a better student.
Adopted Children of Reddit who have memory of being in foster care, what was transitioning to a permanent home like? Was there something that was habitually hard to assimilate to?
What’s the best example of “manners maketh man” that you’ve ever seen?
What was your "F**k, what have I done now, can I go back in time" moment?
Redditors who "would do anything for love, but (you) won't do that"....what is your THAT?
People of reddit who eat food, poop in my mouth? Please?
How close are the emotions of love and hate?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made and if you could go back in time would you stop yourself from doing it or would you still do it?
What word usually used in a culinary or food related context evokes feeling other then hunger for you?
What is your favorite food?
Why we fall in love with people we can’t have?
What is your go-to comfort food? Why?
To all the actors/actresses of reddit, how do you and your SO dealt with love scenes in which you were involved?
Those who've since gotten their college degrees or have been very experienced in work, what's the most under-employed (ie., job way lower than your ability) role you've ever taken and why?
What would you do if you were losing the love of your life?
People with MBAs what was your job right out of college?
Dear Redditors, which part of your work makes you love your job?
If the United States political framework, outlined in the Constitution, is referred to as ‘the envy of the world’, why do other countries not adopt it as their own?
What's the reason you get out of bed in the morning?
Armageddon is coming how do you spend your last few days?
Members of the U.S. military how do you feel about Trump and his cabinet’s attitude towards you and military as a whole?
Who is one character from a book/movie/TV-series that you love and everyone else else seems to hate?
What reasons for breaking up with someone you truly love would you consider to be unreasonable and/or selfish?
What is the easiest and manageable food to grow inside your home?
What was your first pets name?
People of reddit, if you could travel back in time to have any one dish of food made for you, what would it be and why?
What's the most adventurous you've gotten with food?
What food combination makes you want to drill holes in a wall with your head?
I’ve heard that the same receptors in your brain go off when you eat spicy food as when you’re in physical pain. If this is true, would taking a painkiller make the food have less “heat”?
(Simple) whats your favorite food?
Educated people of Reddit what is the most disturbing incidence of cheating you saw in college?
H
What are some things that are easier done than said?
For Reddit Mods, what do you work as that allows you to have so much time to browse Reddit?
people of reddit, in what situation is love not enough?
How does someone get out of "no college degree and limited factory/food work" job purgatory?
What's your experience with falling out of love?
The zombie apocalypse has been going on for about 10 minutes, and everyone you know and loved is dead. What is your first move to survival?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done because of love?
What is something you love, but HATE the fandom?
What should you do when you just found out you've fallen in love with your long-time friend but you don't know if he's gay and he doesn't know you are?
If vegetarians love animals so much, why do they eat all their food?
Parents, what cartoon did you love as a kid that you wish your child could watch now?
Why is it that the person that you love the most the same one that hurts you the most?
What can you say about food but not pussy?
What moment did you have while during retail made you think “I need to finish college”?
Reposters of reddit. How many times do you think this question has been reposted?
What are some Government secrets the population might now know about?
What's your pets name?
What’s the craziest Florida Man headline?
What is love?
What tasty dish/food would be bad if eaten alongside rice?
Women of Reddit, what do you think about men shaving their legs and arms?
Animal lovers of reddit, What's the funniest pet story you have?
What's something that you can't unsee after you've seen it?
Is there someone who you think could be the love of your life, but something happened that ruined the chances of you being together?
[SERIOUS] As an American “universal healthcare” is a big point of debate. Would citizens of countries with universal healthcare (or something equivalent) please share with us your experiences? Good or bad, just to help us understand the difference compared to our current model of healthcare.
Why do muscles get sore after a while as opposed to instantly?
What is the best way to study successfuly for college?
Why is The Last Airbender movie bad?
Fellow ladies of Reddit, what foods do you crave during that time of the month?
What was your "Wait, that's actually kinda smart!" moment?
People of Reddit who wanted something everyone had, what made you realize it wasn't as good as you thought?
weird food combos?
You can bring one SCP into reality, which one do you choose and why?
What do you hate that everyone loves?
What is a product that you hate, but love the commercials?
Jilted lovers of Reddit, when did you realize there are plenty more fish in the sea? And what did you do?
Does anyone know anyone who has been on Dr.Phil, Maury, Jerry Springer, etcetera?
What is your financial status and do you wish it was different? Why?
You find out your pets are recording you with their eyes and transmitting the information to their home planet. What are they using it for?
people of reddit, was your first love like?
What is really/relatively hard for others but pretty easy for you to do?
If we were to have lived in a post nuclear war era in which the apocalypse is happening, what supplies, family members or pets are you going to bring?
What language do you love learning and why?
What is something you were convinced your whole life you hated but actually loved, food wise (Mine is Sushi)?
I failed my first test on my first college class Psy 101. What do I do to make sure I don't fail anymore? We're using psychology in modules that's a PowerPoint presentation and honestly I think it's more difficult than just a normal article. Any advice? I really don't want to drop my first class.
To all the pillow lover on reddit!
What TV show or movie did you love as a kid but makes you go “why did I ever enjoy this” as an adult?
Supernatural skeptics, what supernatural ‘evidence’ out there has made you second-guess yourself?
How did your inevitable fight with your bully turn out?
What do you think of an app where people can log in when hungry, but not that hungry, and you'd linked with another person with similar food choices, so that you can go to a restaurant together and share the bill?
For the people who worked their hardest to get into their dream college and failed, how did you cope and what did you do after?
What is your simple pleasure food?
Students of Reddit, did you ever have a teacher give off obvious red flags that told you that this would be a bad year? If so, what were they?
Is it okay to be white?
Redditors who work alone or at home, besides Reddit, whats your biggest distraction during the day?
What is one thing that your parents did that make you silently decide you would NEVER do to your own kids?
What is the worst thing you can do for food?
If you could have a fictional weapon what fictional weapon would you want?
What is something that you hate doing during the day but love doing at night?
How much does fash food restaurants Fuck us over?
Teachers pets/goody two shoes of reddit, what were you able to get away with because of your reputation of being good?
What's something many people love but pisses you off?
What would your name be if food had people name and people had food name?
Why does a beautiful pagent contestant have to go on a TV show to find love?
Why do so many fast food organizations have such a hard time hiring good employees while other fast food companies seem to hire people that provide exceptional service?
What food is ruined by improper serving conditions?
Why do you think so many people like superhero movies?
What is it like to fall in love?
Which sub has the most confusing mods?
What is the worst fast food restaurant?
What’s something everyone loves or agrees on, that you’re adamantly against?
What’s the hardest riddle you know?
Those of you who have a home monitoring system: have you ever logged on to see what’s going on a caught your SO doing something you weren’t expecting?
What is your greatest “How come Nobody Told Me!?” story?
Nobody is sending me interesting facts so imma get a new username, what should I pick?
Much like the premise of the movie “Yesterday”, if you were the only person on the planet who remembered the entire discography of a specific singer or band, and could re-release their music as your own (in a singing and/or writing capacity), who would it be, and why?
If food was used as currency how much would you weigh?
What food or flavor do you always remove before you eat if it automatically comes with the order or package?
Has anyone ever had an experience in their lives that almost killed them?
What is a global warming related claim that is actually not true?
To the people who went to college but didn't want to was it worth it ?
/u/_tv_lover_'s accidental haiku
What was the biggest drama at your workplace?
What basic food do people still manage to fuck up when cooking it?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Dealers of Reddit. What is the worst deal that someone has offered you for an item.
What’s scarier, Paranormal or True crime? NOT in the context of films!
What food/toy/etc. been discontinued that you loved?
Which of the Democratic candidates will give me the most free stuff?
what disgusting food combo would you give to your worst enemy?
People with pets, what’s the funniest thing your pet has ever done?
Adults of Reddit, how do you make friends after college?
What is a dream that you love but know will never come true?
What's your favorite thing about your SO?
What's your favorite fast food restaurant and what do you usually get?
Private vs Public college
Cricket lovers on Reddit, what do you have to say about Virat’s dismissal today in India Vs Pakistan world cup match?
Besides your pets and loved ones, what's the one thing you would grab if your house was on fire?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done while you were drunk?
What unconventional food creation sounds really good to you?
If college loan debt is forgiven as suggested by some candidates, what do you expect the short term and long term effects to be?
Is it gay to suck your own dick?
What is TRUE love?
People who do not live in the United States; what are some food/drink that are easily available in the U.S. that you love but difficult to find where you are from and which food/drink from your country that you love is rarely found in the U.S.?
What is a good book suggestion for a high school graduate that likely wont be going to college to prepare him for the real world? AKA doing taxes, buying a car, finding an apartment stuff like that?
What is your favorite fast-food restaraunt?
Children of parents who were a little too into health foods, what was the most disgusting/bizarre thing you were forced to eat?
Whats the most traumatic workplace experience you have ever had?
friend's having a wedding, making her a songlist :D weddings songs from girls singers that you love?
Have your culture prevented a love relationship you had? If so what happend?
What the best ice cream flavor?
[serious] People of Reddit, have you ever encountered a red pill person, and how did it go?
I'm not good at choosing titles
If you could only choose one; the same clothes everyday or the same food everyday. Which would it be?
What food can you not resist at all?
What's your Wi-Fi password?
whats the highest upvote you’ve ever gotten?
I’m a (21m) who got banned from the U.S with one year left of college. But I’m to blame for this.
Redditors, how you deal with someone who copies the heck out of you?
What is a flaw about your significant other that you still love?
Why is it so disgusting when someone tells you they love you?
What are your car boot/trunk essentials?
Buying a highest mega pixel camera for best quality photos, Is it a good idea?
Music teachers of Reddit, what has been the highlight of your career?
What is one secret ingredient that can make certain foods better?
Why do 50% of marriages fail?
What would happen to a society in which no one had to work, and everyone was provided enough food/water/shelter/healthcare for free?
From USD$, What countries can someone travel to, spend the least but have an "expensive" hotel, food, night life?
Whats a story you always love to tell?
Have Any of You Gone to Comic Con, if so Which Panel Did You Go See (i.e Avengers Panel, Black Panther Panel, Deadpool Panel, etc.)?
What is the sexiest animal?
What’s something your SO did that convinced you they loved you?
What is the strangest thing you’ve witnessed on the street?
What typically hated sound do you love?
What criticisms do you have of the sun/moon?
What’s a food you think is underrated
What are you STILL mad about?
What's the best food to eat while crying?
In a serious relationship, what relationship issues need to be addressed BEFORE getting married?
[Serious] The Yellowstone Caldera erupts, clouding North America in ash and killing crops/food sources. People are starving and turning on each other-- do you have a plan in place? How could you personally survive the end of the world?
What’s a job you can make a lot of money at while in college, earning a masters?
University security personnel: What is the weirdest thing you have seen on the cameras on a college campus?
What is the food that causes you to fart something fierce?
What are you banned from? Why?
What are some street foods in your country that tourists will consider strange?
How to unlove someone?
How do you remember your pets that have passed?
Favourite Band/ Artist everyone seems to hate, but you love to listen to?
What is that one memory where you don't remember what happened, but you remember how you were feeling?
At What Age did you graduate High School?
what were the craziest parties you attended at college?
What is your favorite artwork and why?
Are there any actual good mobile games?
Can you describe your favorite meal without using the name of the food or the ingredients in it?
redditors who have been to/ are in college, what’s one of your wildest party stories?
People of reddit, how did you decide which university or college to go to?
Couples of Reddit, what's something about your SO that you love but annoys everybody else?
What foods have grown on you as you got older?
For those in long distance relationships, how has that *feeling* of love changed for you two over the years?
What is the most useless fact you can come up with?
Fellow grieving Redditors, what have you done that helps you come to terms with a loved one dying?
What is a piece of technology or innovation that is considered a failure but for some reason engineers love?
Can falling in love with your best friend work out?
I love the movie "The Big Lebowski" especially all the characters in that Movie. If you could take one character from that movie and put him/her to an another movie, what movie would you choose and how would that change the general plot?
[Serious] Day 6 of food poisoning... whats happening?
How bad can life be without having sense of smell?
What was it like to celebrate the new year 2000 , over 1999 ? What was your feeling
What non-existent job would you love to have?
What is a mix between a human and animal called?
Do food bloggers order food with no intention of actually eating them?
What was a job you quit in the most savage way?
Without cursing, what’s the most gratifying word to say in the English language?
For real, What is love ?
What would be the best thing to say to someone as they're completing their cancer treatment?
Asian Redditors who wear mouth masks in public, why do you do it? I would love to learn more about your culture. Thank you for sharing!
Why do you love the Shrek series so much?
What’s a movie critics hated but you loved?
People that have sold or sell drugs to famous people, what’s it like?
What’s the difference between a taco and burrito?? (Arguing with a classmate over this questions.)
Chinese man cooking and eating seafood on a boat
People who have experienced virtual love and love irl, is it the same?
Which is your favourite food that you can eat at any point of time?
Redditors, what smell (or taste) do you love, but other people seem to hate?
What movie quote do you use most often?
Where i can share with everyone my own story?
Is there a song that you love even though you absolutely hate everything else by the same artist?
I am in love with my brothers girlfriend and she feels the same, should I ignore my feelings and move on? or tell him?
The word “literally” is eliminated from the English language- food or bad???
Which 'Quintessential' film/show have you STILL not gotten around to seeing?
People of Reddit who don’t like popular foods, is there any particular reason you dislike them/what about the favor don’t you like?
[Serious] How did you convince your parents to stop smoking?
who was the popular kid at your school and what did they do to get popular?
We have long lasting flea/tick/bug treatment for our pets, why haven't we made something similar for people?
You wake up and are now the new god of this world. What do you do first?
Americans who’ve dated Europeans — how was your experience?
Pizza lovers of Reddit, how would you build your perfect pizza?
Whats your worst experience During your final year in college?
What is the food you eat the most often?
What does your SO do that you used to think was cute/hot, but now can’t stand it?
Why do you love books of Andrzej Sapkowski?
As a child, did you ever c*ckblock your parents (or older siblings) at the worst possible moment, only to realize it many years later ?
Comfortably wealthy people of Reddit, what dos/don’ts would you have for a fresher starting his first job next week to be reasonably wealthy at the very least?
Those who have lost a loved one in a mass tragedy (school shootings/plane crash ect.) what was the last thing they ever said to you?
Which online course is best to start android programming?
People of Reddit who have ridden both a motorcycle and a snowmobile, what's the difference? And which is the most difficult to master?
If you could make any food in the world appear in front of you whenever you wanted, but you could only have one food with this power, what would it be?
What oddly specific thing do you either really love or really hate?
When would you recommend to start eating solid foods again after removal of wisdom teeth?
Is there a German equivalent to the USA Nathan’s Hot Dogs?
Given all the obvious natural reasons to stigmatize suicide why is it suddenly appropriate to celebrate those selfish few who commit it as if they didn't murder themselves and inflict unending pain on all who loved them?
People who fell in love at first with a person, how did it happen? What was it that made you fall in love with him/her so quickly?
What’s the medieval equivalent to “hold my beer”?
Redditors who found love again after divorce, what's your story?
What do you do when you have been in love with someone for the last 6 years, but that certain someone doesn't see you as anything more than a friend?
What is a food combination you love but everyone else thinks is disgusting?
What's the best combo of food you created yourself?
What are some signs that you are in a tourist trap?
(Serious) Advice on ways to practice self-love?
If your pets could talk, what kind of trouble would you be in?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the grossest experience you’ve had on the job?
What activity instantly calms you?
Would Eric Foreman have voted for Trump?
What was your best one liner that shut up the person arguing with you?
What song do you think is objectively bad but you still love to listen to it?
Why do you think some dogs like to run away from their house, even though they love their owners?
SKYWEST Interview bases which ones have the fewest attendees?
What are some kind and affectionate pets to have that are not cats or dogs?
Is there anything you love about being alive?
Fast food workers of reddit. What’s the most obnoxious customer you ever had to deal with?
Music lovers of reddit, what has been the most special concert moment you have been at (Video clips of said song is optional!)?
Christians of Reddit, how did you come to figure out the career / job that God called you to do? I am having second thoughts about my major in college, and I just want to make sure I’m doing the correct career path that God is calling me to do. (Sorry for the long title)
Redditors, what's the part of the body that bothers you the most? How does it affect your daily lives?
What food, food product, or dish created the most tremendous gas of your life?
What do you love doing so much that it almost brings you to happy tears whenever you talk about it?
What’s your favorite smell?
Woman lovers of reddit, what’s the most annoying thing you get when you’re with a girl?
I’m considering not going to college. What’s an alternative path you chose? (other than military)
What is your favorite food, and what is the best way to make it?
what song you hated at first but grew to love it after listening to it more?
What made you wonder how you let your life spiral out of control to reach that point?
What infuriating thing happened that you still remember to this day?
What piece of advice did you take for granted/not take seriously only to later make the exact mistake you were warned against?
What words you should have said to your late parents?
Which fictional character do you hate that everyone absolutely loves?
What are your weird but good food combinations?
Doctors of reddit, how often do you get the "shouldn't you buy me a drink" line before a prostate examination and have you heard a better alternative?
What food did you think was healthy as a kid, but realize is complete garbage now?
Fuck love
SWAT or Australian SOgG (Special Operations group) what’s the scariest thing that happened on the job that you will never forget?
What celebrities have you confused with one another?
What are some foods you don't think many people have tried before?
Whats your least proudest fap?
How long have you been a Redditor for?
[SERIOUS] How many people have you slept with/fucked/made love to?
[Serious] What is your relationship with food?
How busy do you get on a Monday?
If Your Home Was On Fire And You Only Had Time To Grab 3 Things, (not including people or pets) What Would They Be?
When did you realise you loved your significant other?
[Serious] What's an unhealtheir food option, pork or beef?
Other than r/politics what subs are way different than their title suggests?
Book lovers of Reddit, can I please get some great book recommendation (Preferably those kind of self-help, psychology, parenting, relationship, or poems)?
What food would you like to eat but can't?
What was cool until someone ruined it forever?
What do you think is the biggest regret/turning point in your life?
Serious: Parents whose kids have a healthy relationship with alcohol, is there anything you did to foster that?
*Sorry if this has already been asked* The old trope of "Don't fall in love with a stripper/hooker" has many examples. Sex workers of Reddit, have you ever fallen in love with (or developed feelings for) a client?
On a scale of Werther’s Original to hard shell taco, how easily could your mind snap and break? Describe your current headspace with a food item.
Redditors, when did you say you loved someone and why did it feel right?
What is the most in-the-matrix moment you have ever experienced?
Nursing staff, what're some things that annoy you about your job in general? From patients to work hours to colleagues. (As someone frequenting hospital currently I would love to know more)Bonus:What's your most memorable patient?
Which is that one food you can eat for rest of your life?
What is your favourite video game to achievement hunt and why?
What was the defining moment when you realized you didn't want to be with your S/O anymore?
What is the best wourkouts to get rid of the fat of the "love handles"
I forgot the name of the album/band
Mystery lover's of reddit what's your favorite riddle/mystery?
What made you dropout on college?
People who dating/married to someone from another culture, what is your favorite food that your partner introduced you to?
Redditors who broke up with the love of their life, how were you able to move on and get back out there?
What are some great foods that don’t cost too much?
What's a food combination you really love but most other people think is weird?
What is your favourite Doritos flavour?
What moment made you realize you were in love with someone?
Whats your favorite comfort food to when youre depressed?
What's one thing movies need to stop doing that's killing the franchise?
French-fry lovers of Reddit, how do you eat fries?
What stories do you have of getting your pets high?
What’s something that makes you wanna puke when you see it?
What happens in the body that makes someone in a coma wake up after years?
[Serious] What was your college GPA and what do you do for a living now?
People of reddit what band or artist do you dislike even though everyone else seems to love them?
What food would cheer you up when you feel sad ?
A college classmate (35M) I (35F) was kind of friends with and hadn't seen in 10 years asked to meet for drinks at 8pm on the weekend before flying to another country the next day. What do you reckon his intentions are?
We eat cookies,fast food by hand but when someone see eating rice with their hand everyone freakout. Why?
Parents of reddit, have you ever yelled at someone else’s kid? why?
Creature lovers of Reddit, what whould your creature say is the most frequently expressed phrase in your home?
What are good US freight train tracking apps and websites for train watching?
What do you always have on the nightstand next to your bed?
What do you do when you feel unlovable?
If you could only eat banana flavored food the rest of your life what would be your favorite and least favorite food?
What is the best instance of instant-karma you or someone you know has experienced?
What is love and how do you know if you feel it?
what is the most bitter food you ever ate?
Reddit, what was the moment you realized you were in love?
What are some common stereotypes in Switzerland that they hate?
Can I use Naturdays (the “beer”) to boil for beer brats?
For those that say "fuck love", what made you say "fuck love"? [Serious]
People of reddit, what is your opinion on vegan cat food?
Picky eaters of Reddit, how did you broaden your food horizons and get out of your egg shell?
People who studied something in college and then went into a different industry, how are you doing?
You have the responsibility to ban a food worldwide, which food do you pick?
(Answer and describe in immense unnecessary detail) Pringles (potato chip brand) - lovers of Reddit, what flavo(u)r is your favo(u)rite and why?
How do you keep your brain sharp and develop (or keep) your communication skills if you are lonely as an adult?
What’s the scariest experience you’ve had in the Ocean?
Was is something you predicted in your past that was going to happen in the future and it did?
What is the most bizarre conspiracy theory you believe (with some reasoning)?
I love sky captain and the world of tomorrow ... what's you guilty film that's just terrible to everyone else ?
Would you pick sweet or salty foods for the rest of your life, if you could only choose one?
What's something universally loved in one way or another?
What are some food vs food debates? Also which side are you on?
Is there anything Trump has said, that you agree with?
What does your pet do that tells you they love you back?
Which food(s) are you nostalgic about, but don’t actually enjoy eating anymore?
What is the sickle like tool on the YouTube channel "Jungle Survival" called?
Ooh baby I love your way?
What is the scariest experience that has happened while you were working in fast food?
If you were homeless what restaurant's dumpster would you raid for food?
What's the strangest myth you've heard about your high school or college?
What is your favourite robot?
users of reddit whats the biggest gut feeling you had but was completely wrong?
People of Reddit what are some shows that pre-teens love these days?
As a ruler, would you rather be loved or feared?
People who respond "okay" on a response text, why do you choose that phrase, rather than something that won't be interpreted a certain way?
What improvement to a product (like food, apps, ect.) would you undo if you could?
What is your go to stress food?
What could watching hours of have the best chance of teaching me a marketable skill?
What do you do when you love someone who doesn’t love you back, and you know they don’t but yet you let them walk all over you anyway and not really care to much about it because you’re in love with this person.
Do blind people dream?
How effective would it be to have presidential candidate debates in the reddit platform?
If you had to use one food item as a weapon, what would it be?
What lovely piece of news you love to tell someone?
Tattoo artists, what pieces do you love doing?
What's a smallish subreddit that you absolutely love?
Looking to switch from console to PC
What are some ways to say “I love you” without actually saying it?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
Parents, how did you know you would love your child before you had them?
How do you define love? what do you mean when you say you love someone, and what does it mean to you when someone says they love you?
How in shape are porn stars?
Stomach and side sleepers of Reddit, do you have a mattress you love? What is it?
When was your last food coma?
What works of music in the last hundred years, will still be loved in 250 years?
What's the worst thing you love to eat?
What’s the dirtiest thing you’ve seen people do at fast food joints?
Who would sit at your fantasy poker table?
Gangsters of reddit, what is your dream/aspiration?
In what way(s), big or small, does your SO make you feel loved?
What food would you love to have right now?
Do you choose who yoi fall in love with? Is it just some chemical equation, or is it something consious?
What is that food that gives you an instant orgasm?
What personality trait of your significant other would be a dealbreaker?
Whats the moment that made your parents proud of you?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex with a man?
What was one time where your knowledge of something that is utterly unimportant came in handy?
Would you choose to live forever without love?
Is there any point or benefit continuing to take pictures with a film camera ?
What are the signs of being in love real time?
What is the “most likely to be successful” kid from your high school up to now?
People of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you've done for love? How did that turn out for you?
What event would make your work industry suddenly obsolete?
Dick lovers of reddit: does size matter? Asking for a friend
Deli workers of reddit, what are the secrets of making delicious deli-style foods at home that few people know about?
What are some unorthodox ways you've shown your love to friends and family that worked out wonderfully?
What’s the weirdest YouTube video you’ve ever watched but loved?
Religious people of reddit, how does your religion approach death? Are passed loved ones celebrated? In what way or ways and how often? What is you religion?
What's a show or movie you absolutely love but, when talking about it nobody has heard of it?
What is a normal food combination that taste really weird to you?
People of Reddit, what is your personal definition of love?
When was the last time you told your parents “I love you”?
For the rest of your life, you can only eat the foods you ate yesterday. What are you really glad you ate?
Moving into a new neighborhood. What's the polite thing to do, conserning neighbors? Do I go door to door and introduce myself? Do I wait for them? Should I bring food when introducing myself. And any other hints you might have about moving into a coldesac.
If you can kill someone that you hate but then a love one have to die, would you do it?
What’s the worst a stranger on the internet has gotten under your skin?
Why do you love your SO?
Redditors who are in love with there sheets. Where do you get them?
Redditor’s who graduated college: Did you feel like the school didn’t actually prepare you for the work force? And if so, how did it go once you actually started working?
What are some of the best diet tip you’ve gotten?
What is better when it is softer rather than harder?
What is the worst thing you ever did because of love ?
Do you love your parents?
What is a food you used to love but can no longer eat because of a gross and or traumatic experience? What happened?
Ex-incels of Reddit, what made you realise just how bad incel ideolgy is?
How do you make a nation’s military more powerful?
What fictional tv show within a show would you actually watch if it became a legit show? For example, I would love if Queen Of Jordan, starring Tracy Jordan's wife, from 30 Rock became a show.
I truthfully knew I would marry my wife the first time I met her. Reddit, do any of you have a similar love at first sight story?
People of reddit, why do you love the people that you love?
A customer always makes a big puddle of pee in the toilets everytime he comes in to the café how would one deal with this?
What foods taste way better than they smell?
People who used apps that claim you can make money by playing games. How did that go?
Airline pilots of reddit, what’s the best thing you’ve heard on the “guard” channel?
Students of Reddit who were at the top of their classes, what is the best advice you can give to someone going back to college?
Which cut of chicken do you perfer for grilling, the leg or the thigh?
Fast food workers of reddit, does your workplace have a secret menu? If so, what is on it?
[Serious]For the religious women whose God is considered a man, do you ever have any issues, doubts, or concerns about believing your supreme being is a man?
Help! Something bad is happening to my cat!
What regional food from your state or country to you absolutely hate and can’t understand the popularity of?
Aren’t smarties the shit?
[Serious] Redditors who have been through heartbreak, did you ever find someone who you loved more than your first love? Are you happier now?
People who worked at fast food restaurants that you could make were you could make custom food or dishes what is the most disgusting thing you made?
People vow not to be like their parents for many important reasons -- but what's something totally inconsequential that your parents do or did, about which you vow you will never follow in their footsteps?
When did you realize that you were in love?
what small thing makes you automatically distrusted someone?
If you could tweet a message to yourself in the past to drastically change the course of your life, what would it be and when would you send it to?
What is the average age to graduate college in America ?
What’s the most FUCKED up movie scene?
Makeup lovers, what's a good foundation that doesn't break the bank and doesn't look cakey? I'm clueless with this stuff.
[Serious] What changes are we as a society not ready for?
Programmers of Reddit, what makes you love/hate a certain programming language?
Has anyone ever been to a bootleg fast food restaurant? If so, what was it like?
What's your phobia and what effect on you does the clinical definition not properly convey to those who dont have it?
How to stop missing someone you love?
What's your oldest/most outdated belief?
How did you know you were in love ?
What’s is the inspirational or horrible lyric that you’ve ever heard?
How do I deal with unrequited love?
Looking for that subreddit based on buying food with only like $8 or something.
What is the best advice a stranger ever gave you?
How to control and redirect your anger in a right way?
What weird combination of ingredients (food) goes surprisingly well together?
Vegans are you against hunting for your own food like we've done since forever?
Why if your breathe is the huuu colder than the haaa
What name will you suggest for a food blog that is eye-catching, unique and funny?
What’s an unexpectedly well-paid job?
What's something nobody except you seems to understand?
What made you hate the food you used to love?
What are the saddest last words you’ve heard from a loved one?
Former and current fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the most disturbing thing you’ve witnessed a coworker do to a customer’s food?
What is a good Netflix action comedy film currently?
Anyone else in love with their best friend? Up for discussion??
What's your favorite food hack?
What is the most profound way to express love to someone with one sentence?
[Serious] What discontinued food/drink/dish do you miss, and how much would you pay to be able to eat it right now?
What are some English foods/ snacks, meals you’ve tasted and loved ?
What was the most delicious food that you've eaten from a culture outside your own?
What is one thing about your crush that you love him/her for?
What was the best day of your life so far?
What was the most ridiculous fast food order you’ve heard someone ordered?
Delivery drivers, what was your scariest experience?
What the fuck is romantic love?
Reddit, how do you resist the urge to eat unhealthy food?
People who work at call centres,what's the most memorable talk you ever had with someone?
What’s your favorite weird food combination?
What remnants of the old internet continue to impact us now?
How did you tricked the government using the laws that they created?
People of Reddit, what was the most delicious food you've ever tasted before?
Is college still worth it in Europe?
What mistake nearly killed you?
What common-ish food have you discovered as an adult that made you wonder why you haven't been eating it your whole life?
What's the thing you dislike most about reddit?
do you have any pro advice to improve college study skills?
What are the hobbies that you indulge in that other people won't understand?
What's the story behind your largest fast food order?
[SERIOUS] Does the government of your country do shady stuff which seems to be ignored by the rest of the world? If so, what is it?
What food has the worst "mouth feel"?
Who is the least sexy fictional character ever created?
How many college graduates with a bachelor's degree here have to work 2 jobs to make ends meet?
What time wasting activity has consumed way too much of your life?
Do you have any weird ticks/mannerisms that you do from time to time?
How come so many women love obvious bullshit like astrology, psychics or reality TV?
People of Reddit, what is the one thing you love about your country?
If you were in a $1,000,000 contest to see who could go the longest with eating nothing but "gas station" food 24/7, how long would you last?
If you are granted 3 wishes by a genie, could you wish to become a genie that is already free, why or why not?
What song, movie, or book did you once love, but now you despise, and why?
#JohnMcCainDay: How people on Twitter are commemorating.
You’re trapped inside your house and the only food you have is what is currently in your fridge, will you survive and what are you living off of?
Does sleeping with less clothes during a hot day make a difference?
Is smoking or excessive junk food worse for your heart?
If someone you loved was killed, and someone created a perfect clone of them right down to the atomic level, would you still love them just as much?
What is your favourite sexual act?
You are given a chance to switch your consciousness to any living body in the world,who would you switch to?
People who's pets ran away, How does it make you feel knowing they didn't want to live with you anymore?
Redditors who work at restaurants, what foods do you hope expire so you can take it home?
Is college still worth it in Europe?
[Serious]How did you cope when a loved one committed suicide?
What is your ‘weird’ Fetish?
Ladies of reddit, what's a trait you look for or have a fetish for in a guy that is stereotypically the reverse?
What’s a major continuity error you found in a movie?
What are food combinations you like that others might find weird?
Non Muslim people of Reddit: If you love Muslims from some point, what was the point?
Chefs/line cooks of Reddit, what is the dumbest mistake you have made or witnessed in the kitchen?
What food(s) if any, do you eat with a strange ritual?
Reddit, what is a food everyone should try during their lifetime?
For those who've sat through lectures, what's the most outlandish thing they tried to tell you was the truth?
Why do we clap when someone does something good?
If you and a spouse seperate who should get to keep the pets?
What's your purpose in life?
(Sad) what is one thing you did or said to a loved one that passed and you regret it
What is the most disgusting thing you have seen in a college dorm?
What is your best college story?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made that INVOLVED food?
What's okay if you're rich and famous but not if you're an average person?
What was your weirdest sex dream ever ?
Redditors, what is your love at first sight story (that ended in marriage)?
What is a super underrated game you genuinely love?
When was a time you actually had food poisoning from eating sushi?
Why are some married and taken men fine with checking out and talking about attractive women in the work place, do they hate their wives?
What is your guilty pleasure?
How do you know if you’re truly in love and not infatuated?
What is a funny inside joke between you and your SO?
What addition to a food makes it 10 times better?
Dog lovers of reddit, what is the strangest/ smartest thing your dog has ever done? Ex. Drinking out of a water cooler.
What is the first thing you notice when meeting a new person?
Is Japenese food that we buy in the west quick and easy to make because people don't have a lot of time to cook in Japan with the job culture?
What would you do if you wake up and got to know it was the first day of college?
What was the weirdest way your neighbor has annoyed you?
What I really love drunk me moments have you had?
Do you have a weird food ritual like eating M&amp;M’s in a certain color order?
When is a good time to tell someone you love them?
What is one thing unique to you that truely makes you happy?
What’s the story behind your usernames?
What food combination sounds gross but you actually love?
What wish did you make that actually came true....and later regretted it?
What is the weirdest food-related rule you've encountered at a friend/family members home, dinner party, or restaurant?
Why dont you share food and why?
Retail Workers of Reddit, what are your customer horror stories?
college students/graduates, what is the weirdest/most random pet peeve one of your professors had during class?
What is something you will never stop doing?
Pool/hot tub service people of reddit, what the most interesting story you’ve ever had while doing your job?
Waiters and waitress of Reddit, what did you do to your customer's food when they treated you badly?
What is the coolest logo you've seen?
What's something you loved as a kid that is now a meme?
Give some tips how to ask girl from college on date?
What’s a popular food that you dislike ?
Students of Reddit, what methods have you created to get around procrastinating, or to be more productive in general?
If you lived in the Avatar Last Airbender universe, what type of bender would you be and why?
[r/AskReddit] What is a noise that instantly irritates you?
What's your first "I love you" story?
What is the one app on your phone you never opened?
Apparently, cotton candy flavored grapes exist. What’s a weird food that you have trouble believing actually exists?
You become a citizen of Gotham. What already existing Batman character do you become?
colour blind people of reddit. how did you find out that you were colour blind?
How did you tell to your crush that you loved him/her?
Society has collapsed and you're tasked with rebuilding it however you see fit. What kinds of ridiculous laws would you create?
What is the one realisation that helped you the most, when grieving for a lost loved one
Which movie from the past should/deserves to get a reboot?
[Serious] Has anyone here actually recovered from food obsession/compulsive eating/binge eating and successfully lost the weight that was caused by the disordered eating? How did you do it?
What’s a food you absolutely hated when you were young but you absolutely love now? How did you make that transition?
People working in the food industry, what is the craziest order you have ever received?
What is something you pretend to hate around people, but actually secretly like?
[Serious] suicidal /depressed people how do you get threw your day ?
What game were you hyped up to play,but it ended up being terrible?
How long into your relationship did you realize you were in love, and what made you realize it?
what is love?
What do you love about your country?
Which song immediately takes you back to your childhood when you hear it?
Bad teeth ruins my attraction for a person completely any one else?
What was the most embarrassing thing your mum ever did?
Ex-cons of Reddit, what do you think of the justice system? Did prison actually help you?
In Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, you can choose which food to fall down from the sky. Which food would you choose to fall from the sky?
Fast food workers, how have you gotten back at a disrespectful customer?
What is the worst experience you have had at a food place?
Would you rather experience heartbreak or never experience love? Why?
If you already fucked up your diet for the day should You just eat what You want the rest of the day (cake, wine) and restart your diet tomorrow, Or should You get back on the wagon immediately?
What is the most overrated superhero movie and why?
When is the moment you realize someone loves you a lot?
What are some good summer jobs for college students home for break?
Barbers of Reddit, if you by mistake shave off or make a huge mistake while cutting your customer's hair while they are probably not seeing, what do you do then?
What the weirdest thing you have seen someone do with their pet after they had passed?
What is your go to fast food order?
What’s one thing about you that no one else knows?
why do you deserve 15 dollers an hour to make my food?
What food advertising in TV shows or movies has worked on you?
What is the smallest yet most annoying thing in life?
What is your most favorite foods that you know are bad for you?
which is more crowded show biz or going to college option? Which would you recommend?
People who work with pets, what's the biggest red flag for animal abuse?
Is it weird that I've never seen an episode of spongebob in my life? And I live in America btw
As Ill be headed off to college soon, is there anything no one talks about or you wish you knew about your freshman year?
To the people who claim to love everybody: do you *really*?
Experienced Medical professionals of reddit, how do you deal with the deaths of your beloved patients ?I am a pediatric resident in training currently going through a bad time because I am heartbroken when my patients die. Feel like I can't deal with this anymore. Need ideas on how to cope.
I just want to congratulate every one on there lives and that no one should feel down as someone loves you.
Reddit, what was that one dumbass, annoying, nerdy kid in your school? And, what was the worst thing he did?
What's the best dating app for an ugly fuck like me to find love.
Male gamers of reddit, why do you love shooting games so much?
What's the thing that, no matter how many times you get it wrong, look it up, or have explained to you, your brain can't seem to keep hold of?
Reddit, why do you love the person you love or have a crush on the person you like?
People who've been in relationships, is it better to fall in love before you start a relationship or after? Which would you define as "true" or more intense?
You have the magical chance to choose one food/dish that will be the best one of its kind that ever got served like, in preparation and taste. What do you wish for?
How big is your porn folder and what is the weirdest thing in it?
My friend have fallen in love with his ex should my friend tell the ex?
What was your high school’s scandal?
What’s the one food you couldn’t give up?
How do you remember your first love?
What's the worst meal you've ever had in a country renowned for its great food?
Graduates of reddit, what is your one college experience that you would never forget?
Which embarrassing or funny situation envolving saying the word "I love you" to a family member did you remember?
Do dogs genuinely care for humans or do they pretend because we give them food?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what's the funniest/weirdest name you've ever shouted out?
Your beloved pet rock is trapped in the strongest safe in the world, surrounded by the strongest materials and is very heavily guarded. You have 24 hours to get your pet rock back with $1M, what is you plan to get your pet rock out?
What is your favorite personal modification to a well-known food?
What is the most shameful thing you have masturbated to?
What is the purest form of love/care you have seen in your life?
What do you love to hate?
People of Reddit what is it like having a disease?
What’s an appropriate amount of time to expect to be fully comfortable in a new job?
Best food with cheese? Go.
What’s something you wish you knew about dating during your teenage/college years?
how can you be happy knowing someone you loved for so long can be happy without you?
What small things can you get sued for?
What food totally creeps you out?
What do you need help with?
What is your favorite food?
Restraunt workers of Reddit: what is the strangest request you've had from customers in terms of their meal?
You get to learn about your love partner's deepest darkest secret without them figuring out that you know, what possible secret do you hope not to learn about?
What do you love about videogamedunkey?
Fast food workers of reddit - what was your work experience like?
What was “the incident” at your high school?
If you could have one day in which costs and negative health effects of any food were non existant, what would your meal layout be for that day?
If You Had Magic Coding Skills, What App Would You Make?
People who’ve found out a close/loved one is a sex worker, what’s your story?
What movie can you describe that you swore you watched as a child, but cannot find the name of it now despite Googling for it?
What’s one food you vow to never eat again?
What food are you craving right now?
[Serious] Mute/Deaf People of Reddit, Do You Find Signing "Out Loud" When No One Else is Around Cathartic?
What movie/series/show has the most realistic fight scenes?
What did the unpopular kid at your school do that made everyone like him?
Do you feel sorry for homeless people? Why or why not?
whats your sad summer love story ?
What is the most asked question you’ve seen on this subreddit?
Has anyone here ever been on a reality show? If so, what’s your story?
What is the best jobs you can get without a college degree?
Redditors with college degrees doing a job not related to your degree, how’d you get it?
Take a book and turn to page 30, the page describes your love life, what does it say?
What’s the stupidest reason someone has told on you?
People of Reddit, what is something that you loved eating as a child but can't stand eating now?
How do it become less dull and more thoughtful?
Everyone has childhood memories that stick with them throughout their lives, shaping who they'll become. While some are bad, what are some memories you cherish?
What are some things everyone seems to like but you?
What’s a weird food combo you like but everyone else is repulsed by?
What's the most heinous food combinations you've seen your grandparents eating?
Doctors what is the most saddening death you've seen?
What food from another country do you really want to try?
Did having a child make you end your relationship, after knowing what love really felt like?
I'm wanting to know the likely outcome of putting a closed canning jar, half full of 40% ethanol, into boiling or near boiling water?
/u/HomiesTrismegistus responds to: What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once? [+457]
Without saying "baby don't hurt me", what is love?
If money is not an issue, what field of work/college degree would you pursue?
What advice(s) would you give to a college student or a student who is about to enter college?
users of Reddit, what’s the one piece of equipment or tool from any film, tv show or game you would love to have a fully functioning version of?
Hello Reddit! Any advice to a new user?
What are some actual "love it or hate it" things?
People of Reddit: What tropes/cliches are you tired of seeing in movies/games/shows?
What is your pets name?
Do you think that there is a cure for cancer but someone hiding it to prevent overpopulation?
What is the most interesting story about one of your pets?
How soon is too soon to tell someone you love them?
What is the most painful thing anybody has said to you?
What was the moment like when you found your true soul mate?
Americans of Reddit... with all the negativity in the media right now, it can be hard to see the positive in living here... what do you love about being an American and living here?
What is the most weirdest food combo you can come up with?
looking for a harp... friend played harp beautifully in high school but has to give it up due to costs for college, if anyone knows of where one could find, or get a harp inexpensively would love the info... anywhere in the nyc area!?
If your life was a movie, what song would play during the credits?
Couples that only one of you drive, why doesn’t the other drive and how does that affect your lives?
What are any D-Day stories you would like to share?
People who work in the food factories, what's something you think everyone should know about?
What is the weirdest thing your pet has seen you do?
What is a summer job that doesn’t involve food?
What is fresh pet food?
How many of you sub to r/gonewild in hopes of coming across a post by your mother, sister, or cousin? Has it worked out for you?
When was the first time you knew you loved reddit?
Father calls chicken tenders a “gay food”. How accurate is this?
Workers what was the best inside joke/meme your workplace has ever had?
What sci-fi technology would you love to experience?
Let's say if you were an alien from another planet actually on Earth disguised or not disguised looking for love, would you stay disguised using an dating app or would you show what you really were?
What food can you not help but overeat?
What are you banned from and why?
What's a show you love watching before going to sleep?
What is the possibility that meme study class such as Memeology could be seriously taken in college?
What are your go to calculator games when you’re bored in class?
If your life was a movie or TV series, what would be the main theme?
Listening to a podcast called “the things we do for love” and it’s all about the cringey things you did in the past when you fancied someone, so not necessarily in a r/s with. What are the cringiest things you did?
$3,250,000 or a random superpower?
Beloved senior citizens of Reddit. How old your you? What brings you to Reddit?
What do passwords you have used mean to you ex: a pets name
My family recent adopted a kitten and our 11 year old cat is terrified of her and refuses to be in the same room as the kitten. It’s getting to a point where our eldest is pooping herself if she can see the kitten... Any tips for us ?
What food combination do you love, but everyone else thinks it's disgusting?
People of reddit, do you blow your food or just oshashosahsshsaosahsh until it's cool?
What was great at first but know has fallen to shit?
Has anyone ever experienced something paranormal? (God, ghosts, etc)
Young adults of reddit, How did you manage to decide on what you will major in and what college fits for you?
What 100% truthful ghost story can you share?
What is it like to work for Danish refugee council?
Ive put this on R/furry before, but i want your answers too, whats up with all the hate for furries?
Where does the love for/obsession over the Shrek movies start and end? Is it a generational thing? What group of people does this apply to?
What do you do to psych yourself up?
Millennials of reddit, what’s the one photo or video you pray to god no one see’s because if they did it could get you fired, divorced, or humiliated etc?
How much wind should a construction tower crane be able to withstand before falling over? The only thing I can find is maximum operating conditions which is 20m/s. What would be up to code? Should they be expected to survive a hurricane or tornado?
Which quote from a film has had the most profound influence on your life?
What is a really simple, yet great sentence to live by?
What is the most damage you personally could do with one drop of super glue?
People who met their SO’s later in life, what was your love story?
Would you rather get 1000$ or 50% of 2000$? And why?
Which is a single player game you love but gets unfairly criticized?
If you were in a $1,000,000 contest to see who could go the longest with eating, nothing but "gas station" food 24/7, how long would you last?
Why everyone is ok to work for trust and love with pets, but not with people?
Why God+the world+the universe hates me?
Whats one thing that your family loves but you hate?
Pet Owners of Reddit, why do you talk with your pets and then respond with their voice?
What celebrity do you love but everyone elses seems to hate?
What are some benefits of owning a Honda?
What is your favorite part of someone that you love?
What's one time your pets knew something bad was about to happen before you did?
Why do we love life quotes so much?
How did cats show there love to there owners?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, what are some things I can do as a customer to help ensure that I get good service at a restaurant or bar?
What's a thing you love about yourself?
What does success in life really mean? I know that i have to work hard to get into college and get a job but then what? How am i supposed to be happy?
What are some things you could say to a victim of abuse by an older sibling without being upfront about the fact that they’re being abused? I.e. the person in question is in denial of being abused, she “loves him” and to even suggest that idea would get her really defensive and upset
What do you do in your everyday life that subtly tells your SO you love them ?
To all graduates, what's your secret studying technique that helped you pass a test/class throughout college or highschool?
[Serious] Vegans of Reddit, how do you feel about consuming/using animal products that don't result from cruelty/harm to the animal (ie: milk or unfertilized eggs from animals who are not raised to be eaten)?
People who were teenagers or adults in the 1970s: were they really as cool as they seem? What wasn't so cool back then?
What's the best food in your country in your opinion?
Do dogs enjoy the dust at the end of their dog food bag in the same way that we enjoy cereal dust?
Who is one character from a book/movie/TV-series that you hate and everyone else seems to love?
People who test the temperature of your food with a thermometer before you eat it, how coddled were you?
To people who support electoral college: why?
Are college degrees less valuable in European nations that have made higher education free?
Is there a way to fall out of love with someone you can't have?
You are allowed 100,000 of any food/snack. What type of food would you choose?
Lets say you were forced to eat only 1 type of food for the rest of your life and were given a choice. Which food would you choose?
What was that beloved childhood show/song/movie that took on a different meaning when you got older?
People of Reddit, who is a celebrity that you would love to FaceTime with?
What is dirtier than people realize?
What is you’re favourite video game and why?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever been?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen happen or heard about at your college?
Travelers of Reddit. What is the best hidden gem city in Europe? Would love to know for future trips.
Redditers that have had pets, what are your pet stories?
Men of reddit, what does a girl do that makes you instantly fall in love?
People of Reddit, do you have a problem with food textures when eating? What food's texture grosses you out?
For people who work food or retail, did you ever have a customer that seemed extremely sketchy?
What is something you can only find on the cheapest and the most expensive products?
People who eat at Chic-fil-a why do you support homophobia?
What is your big non-sexual fantasy? I dream about singing ACDC in my third grade talent show.
What plant food is in Weed &amp; Feed products?
[Serious] Have you converted to your significant other's religion for love/marriage? How did you get through this? Did you have any pressure from friends/family?
People should just love, why are there haters in the world?
What’s your terrible sounding but secretly really good food combination?
[Serious] What is the best way to improve focusing skills through practice?
What is a good “tough love” experience you had happen to you or had to inflict?
What small gesture makes you feel loved and appreciated?
What is a food that you will never eat?
What’s a film you love that no one ever talks about?
I love it when the other Canadian subs get brought up in a default Reddit sub
Would the world be a better or worse place if everyone looked the same?
What’s the hardest thing about growing up?
What is something that you did not expect in college?
Reddit, what "weird" pets have you had?
Redditors that crows have had a drawn-out grudge on, what's your story?
When you drink chocolate milkshake how is that converted into normal looking piss? Why don’t you just piss milkshake?
If you've watched many, many horror films, which is your favourite and why?
If you go to a fast food place via drive thru and you get all the way to your home/work/school/etc and you find that they gave you the wrong items do you go back to have them fix it or do you just eat it?
What are some cute/funny stories you have about your pets?
You’ve been stranded in a desert deprived of food for days, and finally you see a lit up sign in the distance. What would be the sign you’d personally love to see?
Hey Reddit, what do you love about your parents?
My grandma doesn't like animals and loves the Bible. How do I convince her to let me get a cat or dog?
If for the rest of your life you had to only eat in one fast food restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner, which one would you choose and why?
Pet owners of reddit, what is something you love/hate that your pet does?
What does getting stabbed feel like? And what's your story?
Girls, how can you be deeply in love and feel nothing for the same person the day after?
People of Reddit What Was The Worst Experience That You Ever Encountered?
What is the weird food combination you like?
What is something you said to someone you love that you wish you could take back?
Psychologists and experienced people of Reddit, what is the best way to handle a suicidal friend or family member if we find out about their intetions?
Is it reasonable to request that food not come in polystyrene (styrofoam) when ordering takeout or using a delivery service?
People who eat others people food at work, why do you do it?
What was the weirdest experience in a love triangle?
What's the happiest you've ever made someone?
[serious] Redditors, when you die, how would you want your loved ones to handle your remains and why? How did you communicate that to them?
Grownups of Reddit what routine did you fall in love with that you never thought you would ?
What is an easy philosophical question but hard to answer?
What do you consider an overrated movie that everyone else loves?
Guys who are into love making and not f*****g, has it been hard to find a girl you enjoy sex with?
Graphite?
Chefs of Reddit ,what tipes of food are better undercooked than overcooked and vice versa?
What lesser known subreddit is your favorite and should get more love?
fastfood workers of reddit what are some dirty secrets you have to share?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what is/was your biggest pet peeve about working in the industry?
Grocery store employees of Reddit, what arguments have you had with family/roommates over the proper way to store/handle food?
Retail/food service workers, what was your most satisfying 'fuck you' moment to a customer?
Which countries has the best tasting food you ever tried?
Do you like your programming job? If not, why?
If you can’t tolerate intolerable people what does that make you?
What fake sounding cures for illnesses or injuries that your mother told you have you discovered actually work?
How can we show love?
When did you know you didn’t just like your SO, but loved them?
When do you think love died and sex obsession grew?
What’s the craziest coincidence that has happened to you?
What have you guys learned in r/AskReddit that you will never forget?
What is your Favorit number and why?
Do you like your 2 minute noodles soft or hard? I put mine in for double the time specified so they're super soft.
What is the ratio of nibbles of food to bites of food?
Which food were you afraid to try, but ended up enjoying?
What is your favorite smell?
Former Wendy's workers of reddit, what is put In to the frosties to make them better than any other fast food restaurant ice cream/milkshake?
People who have dumped someone/fallen out of love, can you explain the feeling of no longer caring or wanting to see someone that you shared so much of your life with?
Has anyone ever left someone they really loved, (due to personal/external reasons) not spoken to them for a bit and then seeked them out later? Or has this ever happened to you? Why did you/they leave? Why did you/they return? How long were you apart? Is it working out?
What is the ideal amount of college expense governmental assistance and why?
What movies would you suggest someone who loves watching Psychological thrillers?
How did you deal with your love confession being rejected?
Men of Reddit, does it really make sense to not masturbate if you have an SO?
You are loved. Do you know why?
What things are universally loved by everyone ?
If you had a theme song, what would it be?
I live in Ukraine. How could i say to my homophobic friend that i am bisexual and love him for 2 years?
What celebrity do you irrationally hate, but the vast majority of people love?
What are the best YouTube channels that have to do with food?
What is one thing you wished you were taught before graduating from college and entering the workforce?
Drug dealers of reddit, what ia an average day for you?
Animal lovers of reddit: what was the very moment you knew your pet was perfect for you and what kind of special way do they show their loyalty?
You must wage a war using food as your weapons. What is your arsenal?
What kind of plates have you encountered during your college years as an architecture student?
A college classmate (35M) I (35F) was kind of friends with and hadn't seen in 10 years asked to meet for drinks at 8pm on the weekend before flying to another country the next day. What do you reckon his intentions are?
People of Reddit, what’s your personal unrequited love story?
What's the best thing a loved one has done to make you happy?
What are the most important things to keep in mind as a rising college freshman?
What is your favorite food?
Why is Keanu Reeves so heavily praised on Reddit?
What food do so you like that the general public find disgusting?
[Serious] If vanilla coffee is the best, why are black people like burnt food?
Sports fans of Reddit, what professional/college team do you support?
What is a popular food item that you cannot stand?
Which song is the one you grew up with and still love?
Some people are authentically full of love for others. What's the story of when you were most stricken/inspired by someone's act of genuine kindness?
Ladies, what is something your man did in bed that you weren't expecting, but that drove you wild?
What's something everyone else seems to love that you don't understand why it's so popular and loved?
Of the three major fast food chains, who has the best burgers (if any): McDonald's, Burger King, or Wendy's?
What is a poem about dropping food on the floor and then eating it?
Would you go to college if you could start over today? Why or why not? If no, which career would you pick?
Who is one musical group that everyone loves but you cannot stand?
What is your favorite love/getting it on song?
If you were a 5 foot tall, dark magenta humanoid extraterrestrial with a love for fast cats, and telekinesis, where in the world would you be hiding?
What are the unwritten rules of your home/workplace?
How do you show you love someone?
A legit enquiry
What did you study at university/college and do you regret it or not regret it?
In an instant, you become God. You can do everything you want, except lowering your own power or create something you can't do. This, and go back in time before you become God. What are your plans in the long run?
College students of Reddit, what are some things you had to learn the hard way in college that high school just didn’t prepare you for?
Who do you love / have you loved from afar with no hopes of them ever loving you back? What's your story?
If you could go back in time and prevent a tv show from being canceled, which would you pick?
How often do u have new sex partner?
What do you regret the most about your youth?
Americans who have been Ireland or the UK, what junk food/confectionery do you miss since you got home?
What was the moment you witnessed two people truly in love and what were they like?
What is the best puzzle you have ever came across in your life and what was your feeling solving that?
Why do love or hate Pewdiepie? (In 10 words or less)
Hey reddit what is your zombie apocalypse plan?
What do you hate about yourself yet most people would love to have it? (Physical or psychological)
Sex Offenders of Reddit, what is the reason why you became a registered sex offender?
What’s the most r/thathappened thing that’s actually happened to you?
What food do your family make that is “homely” and traditional and has been in the family for generations?
/u/AutoModerator on Is it possible to only love one person?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What is your favorite painting?
What does one do with reddit gold?
What is your favorite food and why?
On a scale of 1 to hard shell taco, how badly has your existence crumbled away? Describe your current life with a food item.
To people who work on/fill ATM machines, Why does the cash always come out facing different directions? Upside down, face down etc, yet when you insert money it all has to be the same way
What is your love story that wasn't romantic at all, and you hated?
What’s a food you don’t like that most people love.
what fact did you find out about a friend, family member or loved one that totally changed your perception of how you view them either for the good or bad?
What are the stupid things your pet does that reminds you why you love them so much?
Where are you from and why should I not visit?
What do you love/ hate about summer?
Is the social cost of not eating food prepared by someone who doesn't know how to handle food safely greater than the risk of food poisoning?
Do you hate most getting burn by extremely hot food or getting froze by extremely cold drink?
For 24 hours you can eat without getting full or putting on weight. Travel expenses are free and no-one seems to want your money for the food you eat. What’s your gameplan?
What's a small touch that you love about your office/work space?
what are the sweetest things somebody has done for you and you loved it(serious replies only)?
Anyone know how to clean odor absorbing GEL out of carpets??
If a zombie outbreak occurs right now,while you're watching TV, what are your plans and/or,are you prepared?
What is the best way to tell a loved one that We won't be coming back but for a greater good of both
Dear Reddit what are stories of old men and young women who fell in love you’ve noticed?
What do smokers do on long flights?
What are you currently procrastinating on?
Why don’t animals usually attack humans for food? Are we scary?
What is love? (Words to make this post longer so it won't be removed.)
Did you have a food you hated as a kid but had a life experience that made you love it? What’s the story?
Hey redditors, have you recovered from failing in college/uni to pulled your GPA up to 4.0, and how did you manage to pull yourselves together?
Which Conspiracy Theories would be scariest if true?
How do you trick yourself to feel “safe” when you are home alone?
What is a common mistake people make when cooking food?
What was your most embarrassing "oh shit I forgot" moment?
What is holding you back?
Redditors who have jobs that you are very passionate about, what is it that you do, how did you get it, and why do you love doing it?
Astor A50 3 gen VS Astro A50 4 gen
Influencers and marketing professionals of Reddit what’s the best way to go viral?
What has anyone eaten that afterwards their poops and farts smelled like the original food?
People of reddit who own large houses over looking the ocean in expensive areas. What/where/how did you get the money to buy that house
Stoners of Reddit, what was the weirdest food combination you’ve made before?
Help for rusting car.
Fast food workers of the holy Reddit, what is the weirdest order you have ever gotten/made
What would your decision be if you were given a chance to fly off into space and never return?
What's a good non-food industry job for a 15 year old?
Redditors who have "great personalities" or are "good people"; how's your love life?
Subliminal messages for self improvement, how to make one?
Creative people - what do you love to do, but are too shy or insecure to share your talent with others?
What is something that you hate but seemingly everyone else loves?
People who don’t chew the skin around their nails, how does it feel to be so pure?
People who moderate content on social networking sites, how traumatic is your job?
People who have pets, how did they alter your life?
[Serious] Whats a good food to put crushed pepper on?
Couples of Reddit, what does your married-life love-making schedule look like?
I masturbated before i had sex. Will my girl get pregnant?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious] what are ways to not feel alone or unloved?
I need some good food related YouTube channels, I am not looking for cooking tutorials but a channel with a good host(s) and he/she/they eat a lot of food and display different types of food.
What do you like to sneak into conversations(Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando were lovers)?
If you could get one cybernetic enhancement, what would it be?
Is there any shows that you loved as a kid which is seen as forgettable by the general public?
As a college student, I’m having difficulty deciding on a career. Do you ever have a ‘eureka’ moment where you knew what you wanted to do for the rest of your life?
adults of reddit how were/almost were you arrested as a teenager?
When was the live action better than the animated version?
What’s your favorite food/snack that got discontinued, or you can’t find it anymore?
how will you tell your love? Do you love her?
People of reddit, what do you like to do for fun?
What would happen if you injected the pickle serum from Rick and Morty into an ordinary pickle?
Which is that one thing you love about yourself?
Nutritionists of Reddit: In terms of caloric amount, taste, and nutritional value what is the 'perfect' food?
What is the sexiest thing you've ever saw on reddit only ?
What is your favorite weird food combination?
What is a wholesome way that a parent or family member shows they love you, without saying it.
Do you love what you do for a living and, if not, and money wasn’t a factor, what would you love to do instead?
How did you overcome breaking the heart of the person you love(d)?
What college elective classes turned out to be essential for you?
Food delivery people of reddit, what's the weirdest you've delivered food to?
Do you think it's still unacceptable for men to talk about their feelings/deoression? Why/why not?
whats the first thing to pop up in your head when you hear the words "cannibal corpse"
What stereotype of a country changed after visiting it?
What’s your strangest food habit?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex?
What can you do that takes 10 minutes max and considerably improves your life if you do it each day?
Which show that you loved ended just too early?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the worst customer service experience you’ve had while serving your time?
What kind of silly scenario that would make someone fall in love with a person? For example, Yuri on Ice in which Yuri asks Victor to be his coach while he's drunk.
What makes you instantly like someone?
What’s the nicest looking budget watch ?
What's your goto street food (tamales, hotdog) and what can make or break it for you?
What’s your favorite healthy food?
Karen's of reddit who have submitted an official complaint to a fast food restaurant have you ever acctually gotten anything back?
What is your highschool/college ROTC horror story?
Vapers of reddit, is it worth it?
[Serious] How do you stop going back and forth between wanting love and being afraid of it?
[Serious] Parents of reddit if your teenage son kept wearing makeup and dressing in women's clothes and grounding wasn't working what could be an effective punishment to get him to stop?
What was your life like 12 months ago compared to right now ?
What are some songs that utilises directional audio that you love?
Dear fast-food employees of Reddit, what's the weirdest food order you've ever received?
Redditors who love or hate Comic Sans, why?
What is a job benefit that you have that's unique?
Is finding true love pure luck, does it take effort, or both?
What's an askreddit question that your tired if seeing?
People who work at insurance companies, what are some of the craziest claims customers have made?
What is your dream job?
What have you finally learned to love about yourself?
What do you love most about your spouse?
What are some features about men that they find unattractive to themselves, but you actually love?
What’s your worst fast food story?
Whats the worst food combination youve ever eaten?
Have you ever felt like your life was going perfectly, void of any major life altering tragedy, and then it happened? If so what happened?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the most ridiculous order you ever took?
High School grads, what tips do you have about the college application process?
People with pets, what’s the funniest thing they have ever done?
Since I don't want to give up my love of reading during the summer and want to stay "mentally sharp" and all the works, are there any great sci-fi or fantasy books you guys could recommend to me?
If humans were animals' pets, whose pet would you (not) like to be?
What are some of the worst food/drinks for your teeth?
Do you think college kids should have to choose majors with decent job prospects in order to get approved for massive student loans?
Dear people of reddit, What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What's something you'd love to tell someone but can't out of fear of being seen as an asshole?
What do you think of a family restaurant that does freshly made baby food for toddlers and a normal menu for adults?
What do you think makes a boxer worthy of the “Greatest Of All Time” title?
[Serious] How to make your death easier for your loved ones?
Parents of Reddit, regarding kids 10-14, what youtube channels would you wish your kids watch, and what channels do they actually watch?
Whats something you do every time you do something for no reason at all?
Why do some people throw shade on BMW drivers? Is it due to jealousy or are BMW drivers insane in general?
What foods do you eat that others find gross ?
What’s the most unusual time you’ve experienced love?
What book made you fall in love with reading?
What is your favorite “I’m broke” food?
If everyone on the earth went vegan in the future, what would (should) we do with all the pigs/cows/etc?
What's the weirdest habit you remember having as a child?
Have you ever had a dream that you met the love of your life, you didn't know them in real life, and when you woke up you were heartbroken?
What is your opinion on religion, and how did it affect you?
What's something you can do that you don't think anyone else can do?
What addition to a food makes it 10 times better?
Your S/O has the taste buds of a child and does not want to eat different food. What do you do?
(Serious) what are the things that arguebly every human person should be capable to do?
What non religious or political thing bothers you about people in today’s society?
If you had to run a food truck, what specialty item are you serving, and (optional) what events would we find you at?
What are some lesser known celebrity scandals?
Who knows mr.Ayak?
Which country has the best food cuisine?
You are stuck in top floor of an 100 storey-building and you have to escape it or you will be stuck forever.You can take any one thing with you to escape it but the size of thing should not be bigger than the area where you are standing.What would you take with you and how would you escape?
Gotta love that they cut the top thats says r/AskReddit
What movie/song has a special place in your heart? Why?
What Movie caused you to be embarrassed when you took a family member with you to see it in the theater?
Economists of Reddit, what do you love about your subject?
comments : AskReddit
What is one snack/food you absolutely love, but makes you feel terrible?
What is the most niche subreddit?
What small thing do you do to “stick it to the man”?
What is the worst possible response to "I love you"?
What food do you hate more than medicine?
Does anyone know of any legit online colleges in the US?
Can Reddit help me find my biological grandfather?
Let’s give that top comment some more love
Whats your favorite food?
Professors (&amp; college/grad school teachers) of Reddit -- has a student ever confessed their love for you? Alternatively, can you tell when a student is in love with you? How does it make you feel? What do you do?
If you had to eat food from one restaurant for the rest of your life, which one would it be and why?
Grade 1 private tutor
What’s a simple product you believe should exist for college students?
Besides your pets and loved ones, what would you try and save if your house was on fire?
What is the most interesting birthday/Christmas/seasonal card you’ve ever received?
What’s your most awkward ’forgot to plug in headphones’ story?
What food could you healthily live off of for your entire life?
Any tips on how to start liking foods that you don’t like? Or just overall stop being a picky eater?
What would be the coolest thing to experience in VR?
What do you think is more cute than a shy guy trying to tell you that he loves you?
Chocolate lovers of reddit, do you eat chocolate bunnies from ears down, or ass up?
You can get any power than you want but you will have to lose a loved one for every new power. You can’t bring back the dead. Would you do it and what power do you want?
Americans of Reddit: it's a 50 State Royal Rumble Civil War. What's your State infantry's BATTLE CRY!?
Dear Redditors who have/had an international roommate during college, what was your experience?
Do you ever get strange thoughts in your head when talking to people, like imagining how bad it would be if you just punched them? What are they?
What's is a poor man food that became hip, and how did that transition happen?
The last food you ate you now have to eat for a month. What food would you have to eat?
What accents do you have no hope of understanding?
I've recently gotten to a point in my life where I'm fairly well off (finally at the age of 31), and can buy the foods or brands that I want and when I want. What is/would be your well off food or brand?
What local, non "out there" food do you love that tourists and foreigners usually can't stand?
[Serious] Music lovers of reddit, if you could bring back one artist, who would it be and why?
People who started a food fight in school, why? What happened afterwards?
does love have a price tag? [serious]
Is it possible to live comfortably without going to college or learning a trade?
What's your most priceless possession?
What was the first band you listened to that made you love music?
[Serious] What is a food item which gets spoilt if refrigerated ?
Managers of fast food joints/retail shops, what was your first Karen encounter? what happened?
What’s the most you’ve gone out of your way to avoid someone?
What is your favorite love story?
Americans of reddit. What has been the publics take on environmental protection the last couple of years and has it changed noticeably ever since?
What are effective ways to get over someone you fell in love with?
Is there someone in your life who is an emotional abuser, what is the dumbest thing they've gotten offended or mad about?
Kids of divorced parents did the divorce make you look at marriages/love differently?
What way has your partner shown that they love you, other than saying it?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex with a man?
What's your most peculiar or annoying habit when ordering food at a restaurant?
Today, I almost hit an animal with my car who was chasing after another animal. How has chasing after someone that you love almost gotten you into big trouble?
What otherwise good movie was utterly ruined by a single scene?
Who is the most famous person you’ve met, and how did it happen?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some tips on finding the best fresh food ingredients ones vicinity?
What food are you craving for right now?
Which is more stronger (in terms of intoxication) 5% beer of 5% wine?
What is the best food to eat while your drunk?
how often do you consume fast food?
Those of you who are with the love of your life now, how did you meet him/her?
What are some "summer" songs that you love?
People who buy reddit coins, which are your "standards" as to when give out reddit awards?
What's one thing you ate and loved as a child but absolutely HATE to eat now?
What happened that time someone was taking their job way too seriously?
Redditors that did not attend/graduate college, what life advantages do you believe you have over those that did?
What’s a food from your childhood you can still “taste” but that they don’t make anymore?
Adulterers of Reddit, how did you get caught? [serious]
What is your least favorite food?
Introverts of Reddit, is it hard to make friends? Why?
Is a pigs pussy still pork? 🤔
What is the your best favourite food?
What are the best free games that a person can run on a low-specs pc (4g ram, i3) ?
“Picky” or selective eaters of Reddit, what are some experiences you’ve had with people who like a food you don’t ?
What's the story you love to tell, but rarely do, because people tend not to believe it?
Couples of Reddit, how did you meet your significant other?
What do you guys do when you are almost freaking out about college but in the next day you have your final exams?
Past/present employees of Google, Is it really as good as they say?
"Which is why the electoral college shouldn't exist anymore. It became a tool to silence the mjority of the voters and an effective weapon gainst minority votes." [+360]
What was your 'damn i love this job' moment?
Is it stealing if no one wants it?
Can you share a picture of your pets for us?
What’s something you wish you could do but nobody will do it with you?
You are offered a lifetime of love with your crush or a lifetime of loneliness and 10 million dollars. How difficult is your decision?
What’s your unpopular food opinion?
What is the best video game soundtrack you have heard in terms of atmosphere and relevance to the game setting?
What is a real life side quest you’re on?
What's your 'If you love someone, let them go' story?
People who eat the same food every day, how long have you been eating the same food, and why?
What is yours first gaming experience that made you fall in love with videogames?
Mechanic's Victims from poor repair jobs, to blatant rip-offs what are you horror stories
You are forced into hand to hand combat with a food mascot of your choice. Which one do you stand a chance of winning against? Which food mascot would be the most likely to defeat you?
People in love with their best friend, how's that going for you?
What are some good jobs that don't require a college education?
What’s something you loved doing before you hit puberty?
What is one food that simply won't last once it has been opened in your household?
What's a food you've never consumed, but weirdly crave or know it will taste good?
Fast food workers, why is it that when I ask for no cheese on my burger, I end up with cheese on my burger 60% of the time?
Who is your favourite video game protagonist and why?
Is there a food that would look more delicious in a color other than the one it's meant to be? If so, what food and color? Why?
What examples of foods are a delicacy in one country but disgusting in another?
What are your favorite food related puns?
Violinist of Reddit. Recommend a good non-Chinese violin that is sub $2000
Why is Post Malone loved and Justin Bieber hated when they both use autotune?
What's something you wish you brought to college?
What common/widely hated food do you love?
What is something that can’t be taught and can only be learned with age?
Your phone rings and it could be anyone you want. Who are they, and what do you tell them?
[Serious] People who survived natural disasters, how did you do it?
What kills it for you as bad as "hair in your food"?
If you had a chance to talk with any gaming YouTube channel owner, who would it be?
What's the weirdest YouTube channel you love to watch?
Teachers of Reddit, do you talk about particularly extraordinary and/or particularly awful students to each other?
What language gives you the hardest time to learn? (Give your native language too)
If you could replace one part of your body with food what wklould it be and why?
Doctors/surgeons of Reddit: What are some of the funniest things people have did on laughing has?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what kind of movie hasn’t been done yet?
What do you love doing that you're terrible at?
What do you think about going for a 'second round' on the toilet?
[SERIOUS] People of Reddit, what's the creepiest thing you've seen during the day?
If you had to pick 6 animal characters from your childhood tv shows to fight a Pokémon battle, who would you choose?
Redditors, what is a habit you think may be unique to only you?
What gender steryotype prohibits what you would like to wear/do?
If technology progressed to the point where a fertilized egg can be taken from and carried to term outside a woman's body, and the child will be guaranteed to receive the love/resources it deserves (and have zero contact with the woman if she chooses), would you be for or against abortions and why?
What is something you do everyday that others could benefit from doing to?
Do you ever feel like you will die as soon as you find true happiness?
What is a food you like in one form, and absolutely hate in another form?
What's the craziest that you've gone out of your way for the sake of love?
Redditors, what's a song that you'll be sitting there and think about then suddenly it gets stuck in your head all day?
How healthy are you / how do you differ from a "perfect healthy human" (from minor hassles to the hereditary diseases)?
If you could get away with one thing you did as a kid but not now as an adult, what it would be?
College people of reddit, Would it be worth building an 800$ pc if I’m going to college in one year?
/u/AskRedditAndChewGum on How far did you manage to go to find something that was actually in your pocket/hand the entire time?
What is something someone did that instantly made you lose all respect for them?
Swimming is loved by all. But If the water is too hot, what will yo do?
How can sheep’s bladders be employed to prevent earthquakes?
What are people overly obsessed with?
Why did hitler kill the Jews if he loved animals?
What is something you'd love to study and research?
Is there a love as pure as that of a dog and it’s owner?
What unique food combinations are irresistibly delicious?
What is an app/ game on your phone that you love?
What's the most interesting or crazy story from your high school/college years?
What food gives you energy to dream big and achieve your goal instead of making you lethargic?
What's something you'd love to do again?
What do you wish you had known before attending college?
how do you know when you’re in love?
What makes you different from everyone else ?
What is the most horrible case of rich kid syndrome you've witnessed?
Who is this?
What one food will you never get sick of?
People who have met the love of their lives. What did you do to find that special someone?
When did you have an "Omg you are so cute!" To a "When did you get so.. 'mature'." To someone?
What was that one flash game you loved playing as a kid, but can't remember the name of?
In your experience, do you get better food at a funeral or wedding reception? What are some personal comparisons you can make?
Non-Americans of reddit, what is your favorite American food?
Police officers of Reddit What are your thoughts on what happens in Zootopia? At any point could Judy actually have been fired or in some legal trouble? Despite the illegal stuff Judy does, is the police work accurate? would a fist time cop even get a missing person case?
Redditors what is something you say you hate but secretly love?
What popular chain restaurant/ fast food place have you never eaten at and why?
What was something you always wanted to be as a kid?
Aliens have started harvesting humans for food like we do cattle for beef. What are their favorite cuts?
what is your saddest love story?
What is your rule behind consuming food products IE milk when it comes to the "sell by", "best by", "use by" or "expiration" dates?
Dear redditors what is the cost of your up-vote?
Music lovers of Reddit, what is the weirdest music video you've ever watched?
People who are genuinely happy, what is your secret?
What is something your pet does, that you haven’t seen other pets do?
Redditors who have saved lives what's your story? How were they going to die? How did you manage to save them?
Theoretically speaking, what could happen if an infant eats cat poop off of the floor?
Who are some teen youtuber that makes fun college videos that are actually wholesome to watch?
Former homophobes of Reddit, what changed your mind?
Why there is no medicine for love?
When do you tell someone you love them?
What is one quality you wish your partner had?
What would you do if you suddenly found out that the person you care/love the most, had changed their sex a long time before meeting you?
Is there any risk bound with cumming inside a girl's ass?
To any fast food workers, what is the weirdest "secret menu" item someone has requested?
What are some tips and tricks to getting the Staples out of the flooring people use to put carpets in? I'm having a hard time getting them out.
[Serious] Californians who have left the state, where did you move to and do you love or regret it? What do you miss the most about California?
What is your craziest babysitting/petsitting story?
What did your parents find out about that was so embarrassing that you didn’t talk to them for at least a week?
What drink or food do you love but almost never get a chance to eat?
What do you love about your country?
What are facts you assumed was common knowledge but surprisingly isn't?
What was the best time you’ve ever saved your own butt?
What food do you eat in a bizarre way?
To whom you love to fight always?
What is one thing people dislike about you but you love about yourself?
What’s the easiest/fastest way to fall asleep?
What do you hate and love about body?
How to improve your mood on a rainy day, except for the Internet and TV?
What is the most music?
[Serious] Redditors who have witnessed a crime, did you report to the police? What happened afterwards?
What is something that you think is creepy but other people find cute?
What is a common thing you really enjoy but for a different reason than everyone else?
Hey reddit, where’s the most ridiculous places you’ve seen people on there phones while driving?
What’ your favourite food?
Why do Chicanos really love Korean girls?
Programmers of Reddit, what's your best shitty programming advice?
Citizen of Planet Reddit, What is the most disgusting food you ever eat?
What is the one story you have a hard time telling your best friend?
What is something someone said that has stuck with you forever?
The last fictional character you read about/watched/played as or even Googled, wrongs you. Who is it and what happened?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a customer has ordered?
People who found your passion in life, what was the moment you said to yourself "I love this"?
What are the best food related movies?
Doctors of Reddit, have you ever been caught at a fast food store by one of your patients? How did it turn out?
Redditors who took a gap year before college, how did you plan your gap year?
What other restaurants do offer authentic italiano food such as Little Seasers?
People who deliver food/packages for a living, what's your best delivery story?
Country music lovers of Reddit....What's your favorite country song of all time? Please only includes songs created while you were living. I'll start: George Jones...He stopped loving her today.
What food that should be hot do you really like cold? Or vice versa?
What is a bad way to die?
If you could shape shift into any animal of your choice, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite food?
Has there ever been a moment where you have been really close to completing something really tedious, then messed up at the last minute?
What makes something a psychological thriller?
If you needed the soul stone, and you sacrificed yourself, but the other person didn't truly love you, would you still get it? Why or why not?
What is the food/restaurant you swear tastes great but every time you eat it/go there it's nasty but you keep giving it chances?
What was the worst knockoff movie you've seen?
If you could change your appearance however you wanteded, how would you look?
You find a nice hot plate of your favorite food sitting in the kitchen, but unbeknownst to you this food causes memory loss and you will have forgotten that you ate it afterwards. Also, this food will regenerate once you forget, and it will leave you hungry. How do you escape this situation?
Redditors with foot-fetishes, what was the moment you knew you had a food fetish?
What is your favorite saying/catch phrase?
What do you/did you hate most about school/college?
Coffee lovers: how did you end up having the best coffee of your life time?
My mom bought essential oils what do I do??????
Why do men always tense their chests up when a girl is approaching, is it an evolutionary mammal trait?
What are some "behind the scenes" interesting things at your workplace that customers don't usually don't get to see/know?
Do you have any regrets in life?
redditors, how does it feels like to lose someone you love dearly and how do you cope with it?
Vegans of reddit: What do you usually feed your pets and is it okay for them to have the same kind of diet as yours?
Medical professionals of Reddit, Have you treated people who wear items religious or otherwise (ie:Mormon underwear, garlic cloves) to protect them? Did any actually help?
What was the worst class you took in college and why? Did you end up dropping it?
Ladies of reddit, when did you realize you loved your romantic partner?
Hey Reddit, what foods did you hate as a child, but now love as an adult?
What food from around the world do you think everyone should try?
Men of reddit how stupid can we be in anything love, life, the world, games,anything
What food you should try before you die?
Lawyers of Reddit, can we have some funny/happy stories?
What is the most ridiculous thing you heard in college?
If you can pick one sub on Reddit to describe humanity, what would it be?
Redditors who got dumped by the person they wanted to marry shortly after graduating college, any advice?
You can only eat food from a restaurant of your choice for the rest of your life. What restaurant do you choose?
What are the symptoms of falling in love? How to fall out of it? (Serious)
You suspect everything you do is being monitored and evaluated by aliens. Your baby's health and well being is determined by the quality of your love making. Imagine you're on the panel of judges, what is the one thing you look for?
What is a good steam game for a bad laptop?
Have you ever forgotten how to sleep?
Which fast food restaurant has the best tendies?
What 1 food should you cut out of your diet?
Tell us your funniest experience related to love (sorry for my english)
People who have a story but the right question never appears, care to share it for us now?
Worth getting laptop for college if I have gaming desktop already?
Dear antivaxxers of Reddit, what can convince you that lack of vaccinations puts people in great danger?
People who work in healthcare, what is the one thing that you thought was common sense until you realised it wasn’t?
What keeps you motivated throughout the day :-/...?
What are you currently having a hard time getting your head around?
Everybody loves talking about serial killers, but what about serial savers? Who are some of the most prolific serial life savers in history?
What touches you or makes you crt everytime you see/hear it?
What’s your definition of being in love?
What do you love/hate of reddit?
I love waking up and remembering I have a bunny. What's something you enjoy waking up and remembering?
How old is too old to find love for the first time?
What is one super lazy thing you do everyday?
What world record you could have made unknowingly but too trivial to actually be recorded?
What is that one thing/person/company/etc. that you have a love hate relationship with?
Hi Reddit. I’m an aupair who has moved to a different country until early August, leaving my boyfriend behind. He feels lonely. What can i send him through eBay or amazon to make him feel loved?
[Serious] You have inherited a billion dollars. What do you do with it?
Why are Americans so racist?
What should you do if you fall in love with someone else?
Sweet Redditors. What is the most creative way you tell your S/O that you love them?
Oh you love your job? What's that like?
How did you know that you and a past SO weren’t meant to be?
Why does dooky look like chocolate?
What is a strange food substitution you tried from lack of correct ingredients?
What story or franchise do you love so much, you wish it lasted longer than it did or realistically will?
What is a food combination you tried for the first time thinking it wouldn’t be very good but was actually delicious?
Is it possible to survive college without friends?
What is the right way to eat noodles?
What’s the most niche skill you have?
What would your home town taste like if it were a food?
Hair dresser of reddit, what was your biggest fuck up of a customer’s hair?
What is a movie you love but is hated?
[serious] guys what to do if I am a 21 years old and didn't go to college yet and am broke AF and even if i wanted to work there are no jobs available for someone like me ?
Your least favorite food temporarily gives you any super power. (One cup = one hour) What do you do?
If babies ate normal food from the time they were born, what would be the first food you give your child?
What is something scary that you have seen in the dark but it turned out to be nothing special?
What was your lamest “damn it feels good to be a gangsta” moment?
What food item you hate?
People of Reddit, what is the main thing that makes you love Keanu Reeves?
Which would you rather have free for life: Free food or Free Travel?
Dear Americans of Reddit, how has been the day so far ?
Happy Pride Month! 🏳️‍🌈 What’s something about being LGBTQIA that you love?
What's your favorite fast food restaurant?
Bird owners of Reddit, what's your favorite story (or stories) about your pets?
You get to choose one superpower for yourself, but the 10 people you hate most also get this power. What do you choose?
What's the food your grandma makes the best version of hands down?
What your lecturer jobs/responsibility in college?
What kind of weather has changed your life and what happened?
What food gives you the worst smelling farts?
What do you think? Celebrities being loved and I asking myself if many of them hates being loved. Some are jerks, but I talk about the Celebrities that aren't known to be jerks.
What is the “right” way to eat that one food?
What’s the best gift to give a high school graduate going into college?
How do you show someone you love him/her?
People of Reddit, what's the most embarrassing thing you did as a child that you're still embarrassed about to this day?
What are some signs of unrequited love?
Which prehistoric Era you'd love to go back to?
LGBTQ+ Community - why is Bi considered transphobic, and why aren't Bi and Pan held as separate sexualities?
Is it gay if I get food with another dude like one on one
What do you wish you had spent more time doing 5 years ago?
What surprises do you have planned for someone in your life soon?
[Serious] When have you ever been in the wrong place at the wrong time?
People of reddit, a zombie apocalypse is happening. You have 24 hours to do want ever you need to do ( get food, weapons and or go someone) what are you doing in those 24 hours?
What are the characteristics of a shit-hole country?
Bus drivers of reddit, what is the creepiest thing you have witnessed or experienced while driving a bus?
Whats your family secret ?
What is a song that you loved so much you listened to it until you hated it?
People of Reddit, what is America known for doing with food?
What was your most hilarious beef with a friend when you were little?
People of Reddit. What is one "off-screen" fight in any story that you would've loved to have been able to see?
[Serious] Who don’t you love anymore and why?
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
if you find some one doing some wrong and at the same time it would embarrass some people else what would you do?
My fiancé can’t stop singing the crusty crab pizza song from Spongebob. How do I get her to stop?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex?
Hey Reddit, what are the most interesting Wikipedia articles you have read?
Have you ever wanted to be a vampire and just live forever?
What is your "damn I'm in love" moment?
How do you love yourself when no one else does?
What are the "technical conditions" at workplaces? Are most places strict or relaxed? Do work computers usually have good specs? Are you allowed to modify your machines?
Janitors/Maids of Reddit, what is the most disgusting mess you were ever told to clean up?
What are some things you should never order at common fast food restaurants
Did you ever knew any high achieving college students who were good at athletics and science?
What is your most disappointing video game experience yet?
What's your philosophy (non-political)?
True crime fans of reddit; what was the one case that sparked your love of true crime?
Why some young Americans love communism, but never tried to move to those communist countries?
Men of reddit, Would you rather get $5,000 for sucking your friends dick with no finish, or have that friend finish on your face for $5,000?
What are your thoughts if a college classmate unfriended you on facebook?
People with misophonia (or just people who hate eating sounds), what's the most annoying thing about loud eating, and what food makes the worst sound?
Dear Reddit, can you describe your love/sex life with song titles?
If you opened a food truck what type of food would you serve?
What is your go to comfort food and why?
What are some of the most ridiculous regimens that a family member has for their pets?
What food do you still eat knowing you’ll regret it later?
What was your worst experience with doctors?
What insecurities did you manage to accept and loved yourself for? How did you do it?
What is one experienced that you absolutely loved, but regretted right after?
What are some green flags of a good high school teacher/ college professor?
What was a small act someone has done for you that made you feel loved?
What’s the shortest sensical sentence you can come up with that you’re 100% certain has never been said or written before?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
What is your "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" story?
People of Reddit who fell in love in crazy ways, what are your stories?
The more food sits out the more rotten it gets. The more poop sits out the less rotten it gets.
Which beloved TV show character was actually a horrible person?
People of reddit, what is the craziest realization you had in the worst possible moment?
an action/thriller movie where the couples love story is a good and convincing? Bonus points if the female character doesn't die.
Doctors of Reddit are there any times that your patient was actually right?
Which job field is extremely demanding and necessary (in your opinion), to keep day to day life rolling smoothly but is also underappreciated and underpaid?
What is it about assholes that they love to tell you they're assholes?
What is love?
If you could only eat one food and one drink for the rest of your life what would it be? Nutrition still applies
[SERIOUS]Would you marry someone that you love platonically, and depending on your answer what are your views on platonic love(excluding family/older people/pets)?
To the people of reddit who like food, what is the weirdest flavor of anything that you’ve seen of anything?
Finger/hand massages
If you can switch your gender anytime you want , when is the best moment to switch to the opposite gender ?
How would you describe the person/animal you love the most?
What is something that you love to do but don’t want to tell people about because they’d think you’re weird?
What causes hot saliva? (E.g. like when you're nauseous, see appetizing food, or sometimes completely random.)
What's the best food you're ever eaten?
What food could you happily go the rest of your life without eating again?
What are some stereotypes about Danes?
Kisses of Reddit, why should we call you Dr. Love?
Women of reddit, what are some things a fathers must know when raising a girl.
Fast food employees of Reddit. What is a fast food secret that no one is supposed to know?
What is something that you know to be true about the world that you also think is better left unknown?
What's a food you've only seen once you've moved?
Relationships
What is the nastiest thing/food that you've been putting in your mouth since you were a kid and upto this time?
Vegetarians and vegans of reddit, if we were able to create food through a matter energy conversion process, like on star trek, would you eat meat that came from those?
[QUESTION] what food combo sounds nasty at first thought but actually turned out delicious?
Florida
What is something that you refused to try but you fell in love with once you gave in?
I think I found Paige's ex lover.
How do you snap yourself out of being extremely depressed?
[Serious] For those of you who have lost a loved one, how long did it take before they appeared in your dreams, or came to you in another way?
Why we use wholesale pie boxes? Johnwick0076 foodpackagingboxes007@gmail.com https://www.foodpackagingboxes.com/product/pie-boxes/
Travelers of Reddit, what is the deal with airline food?
Is addiction to spicy food a thing?
[NFSW] What type of porn do you love but there is just not enough available?
How do you move on from a death of a love one?
What is the proper temperature for cooked smoked food served in a restaurant?
What are some scenes from movies or TV shows that you loved when younger but now think are silly or cringey?
What fictional character has touched your heart and will you always remember?
What is the one thing you absolutely hated as a kid but love now as an adult?
What are some *first world* problems that you have know/heard about?
Do you think that tinder is a good place to find love ?
What food do you love but it doesn't love you back?
What is the most disgusting food you eat because you are too broke?
Iloveusa
Does anyone else’s elbow click and hurt when straightening them for the first time that day?
What’s the most underrated food?
[serious] What's your first love story ?
What's your go-to order from your favorite fast food place?
For all the young redditors born before 9/11, how does 9/11 make you feel?
What do you absolutely frickin' love right now?
What's the weirdest food combination you loved as a kid?
What’s some good food to always have on hand for when friends come over?
people who work in fast food services what tricks can customers do to get free food?
Dreams about love
What is the highest ever upvoted post in Reddit?
What’s a good subreddit for men to share or sell their content?
Healthcare professionals of Reddit: What is the strangest thing you have seen in your career?
Bollywood fans of Reddit, what's the best films we're missing out on?
What's a movie you love, but can't watch any more because you've seen it too many times?
Avian (Bird) lovers Where do you find Kits and primers for Avian Disease/Virus/Sexing tests for someone who wants to start a business for Bird testing?
What are some things you love and some things you hate about where you currently live?
What is the one food that you don't like but when served with other things it tastes delicious?
What is the most you've ever eaten in one sitting?
If a known extremist won the lottery would they still give them the money?
[Serious] Doctors of reddit that had to break the news to the family members/loved ones of a patient that passed away. How did you do it and how did the family members react
Redditors who grew up in a small town/rural area and now live in a metro area what was the biggest difference?
On average, how long does it take you to say “I love you” after realising you were in love with person you are with?
Is there any food that isn't a sweet and tastes better cold?
Are you with your 'love at first sight '?
What have you read to help you fall asleep?
Most embarrassing interaction with a guest or customer for those who have worked in retail/food/customer service?
What are you doing?
What if Keanu Reeves was the one that started all this love for Keanu Reeves but we don't know because Reddit is anonymous?
How did you realize you were in love
What do you love about Nintendo Games?
Dads of Reddit: What are your strategies for an optimal buffet experience?
When did you realize you no longer loved them? Who was it and why?
Vegans of Reddit, what food do you miss the most?
Drive through workers: What’s the grossest thing you’ve seen in the passenger seat as you hand food over?
What are some of the weird food combinations or food habits you have ?
Regarding cosmetic surgery, why are a significant minority of people unwilling to grow old gracefully
What’s a food you don’t really like but eat anyway because everyone around you seems to like it?
What is a food you have never tried but have always wanted to try?
Egotistical people of Reddit, how and why did your ego get so big?
What is something or somewhere that you recently cleaned that people wouldn’t think to clean?
People who gave up religion why'd you do it?
If you have ever delivered food, what was your creepiest experience?
Tell me how to enable push notifications for instagram? In the notification settings, there is no this application. Removed and installed again, but it is nowhere in the settings.
What do you usually do when you don’t know anyone at a party?
What was the best “kill someone with kindness” moment you have had?
How do to deal with a breakup especially with a person you still or do not love?
Redditors who are in love with their bedding. Where did you get it?
How did your first falling in love feel like?
What’s the worst response to “I love you” that you’ve heard?
What advice do you have for someone about to go into college in the next year?
Students of reddit, do you hold onto your notes after a course has ended? Why or why not?
if you had the ability to lucid dream what is the very first thing you would do
Old people of Reddit: Remember how some cassette tapes were made of colored plastic? The only one I can remember at the moment is Automatic for the People by REM, which was yellow. Do you remember any other cassettes or records that you loved for having a distinctive appearance?
I want to help the planet and be humane. However, I love meat. How can I balance the two?
What's the best one liner you've heard IRL?
Which two people on Earth would you love to see fight each other in the Octagon?
People of Reddit, What are some creative ways to comfort a sick loved one?
What can you do to love and pamper your eyes to make them healthy?
What's the mechanism behind loss of appetite when you're sick? I just went a week without eating and never felt any interest in food?
Is being gay in school generally accepted by students nowadays?
[Serious] If a manufacturing plant in China was picked up and transplanted to the United States, would those working conditions and wages be satisfactory to US law? If not, how is the US okay with using the output of wages which don't work in their own country, yet want the factories to return?
Whats a paranormal, unrealistic, or impossible thing, that if it was confirmed true. You'd not be freaked out by it being true?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what's the worst thing about working in fast food?
What thing do you feel responsible for, even though you should have?
All of you Pornstars, what was the worst thing that happened while working?
How would you explain a colour, without using other colours?
What is your favorite food from another culture/country?
What is the funny story behind the name of your pets??
Reddit, what do they put in Jimmy Carter's food to make him live so darn long?
What's the worst food poisoning experience you've encountered?
Redditors who have had/had a loved one with aplastic anemia, what was your experience like?
what is your favorite food that others might not like it?
Does anyone have any Neopets/Whyville/SIMS type app suggestions?
Have you ever read A People's History of the United States and if so, what are your thoughts on schoolchildren reading it in class?
What’s the deal with Keanu Reeves?
What's your “WTF did (s)he just say?” during sex?
[Serious]Which movie monster would be the best lover?
What are words or phrases that have lost their meaning over time?
If Schrodinger's cat experiment was done over 30 days (with enough food, etc.) and chance of atom decay was 50% in 30 days, would the dead cat option emerge rotten and maggoty?
People of Reddit, can you tell the difference between lack of social skills vs. rudeness?
What are your exact feelings right now?
What is a kids show that you love as unashamedly as an adult?
People of reddit on the Autism spectrum: what’s a skill you’re insanely good at?
What's scary about commitment?
Why can we drink a drink but not food a food?
What are the most heartbreaking words that you've heard from the person you love?
What advice, major or minor, would/will/have you given your children when they leave home for college?
[Serious] What is the best way to get back at neighbors who play loud music all the time?
For the sons: How many fathers told you they loved you?
Porn stars of Reddit, what brought you to your current profession and what made you stick with it?
Redditors who fell for their FWB, what made you fall in love?
What are your weird food combinations?
Best romantic/love movies?
What is your least favorite part of a movie/series that you love?
What is the best game ever made? (and why?)
What is a story about piercings that make you either laugh or cry with pain or even cringe? I’d love to hear some stories
What food/drink can you no longer consume and why?
Everyone loves freebies, what are some freebies people should know of?
Am I the only one who still loves iTunes for organizing my music (I am a Windows and Android person though) ?
As a the operator of a train or in the metro, what is the scariest/disturbing thing you've seen in a tunnel/underground?
What’s your best advice for college grads about to start their first real job?
My 2 year old son goes to a Spanish speaking daycare, which I love but I feel like my limited “kitchen Spanish” won’t be able to keep up. What’s the best way to learn Spanish with my toddler?
What's the story behind that one perfect night?
What is a wholesome way that someone expresses their love for you? My (30f) mom randomly surprises me with M&amp;Ms in reference to my childhood. I’ve found them in my purse, car, etc. It’s the greatest.
What food dish could I bring along to my friend's divorce party?
What does love feel like?
I throw up after eating fast food.
Are oxidizing agents made for consumption or just ruducing agents? (vitamins)
When and how did you realize you were raised by a narcissist? '[Serious]'
Why guys always text “wyd” and never “what’s your cashapp so I can send you some food money”?
What's some fancy food dish people rave about but isn't a big deal?
Redditors of Reddit, what was your modern solution to a modern problem in your life?
What is the best continually high quality youtube channel you know of that deserves more attention?
People of Reddit, who treated you with most respect/love in you life till date ?
I was robbed last year, they tried again a few nights ago, but my dogs scared them. How do I protect my dogs from getting poisoned or hurt if they come back?
What is one discontinued food or drink flavor that should make a comeback?
What’s the latest slang?
What are some good rso edibles recipes
YouTube is not working for me, is it down right now?
What foods does butter not make taste better?
What are some job search tips for a recent college grad (foreigner) looking for work in the US?
People who get their pets taxidermied after they die, why did you do it and are you happy with your decision?
If you get the chance to take revenge on someone from the past, HOW and WHY would you do that?
What is the most unuseful thing you’ve ever had to study in high school/college?
What are some good exotic foods for someone who wants to try eating new things?
Describe your day but only using food.
What do you like the most about your job?
Redditors who’ve seen the light, what was it like?
What is your 3 favorite food?
Have you ever had to walk away from a relationship while you were still in love with that person? Did you get over them?
Reddit, what is love?
What is the worst thing you said during a job interview?
[SERIOUS] How did you make friends as an adult after college?
iPhone users, if you had to choose between the Android phones, which would you choose?
If you were deemed the next evolution to the human race, would you prefer that your biology was healthily fueled by good tasting "junk" food as your evolution, or would you prefer an average healthy diet allows you peak human performance? Why?
What was your college major?
I feel like I’ve peaked in my current job, management seems actively attempting to stymie any advancement. I have no gf, no kids, no pets. The world is going to shit and I want to make a difference. What say Reddit?
Parents of Reddit , would you still love your child unconditionally if they commited a big crime like murder or rape ? How would you feel ?
Bug lovers of Reddit, why do you love bugs?
Truthers of Reddit, do you feel worse or better knowing some truths in the world? (9-11, food poison in the US, chem trails, big pharma scams, etc)
Grocery store employees, how much food is rated on a weekly basis? Were you surprised by the quantity?
All retail workers of reddit.what was the weirdest/strangest amount of somthing a costumer bought?
Shot and lived
Are there any college dropouts in here? What's your story and where are you now in life?
What is something your SO did that made you think "Wow, they really DO love me"?
Economics graduates what was your plan during college and how much do you make now
What's the best advice you've ever gotten for kissing?
What do you think would happen if your loved one (be it a friend, SO, parent, dog, pet iguana or mimbulus mimbletonia) went through your reddit history?
Why does the entertainment industry attract conspiracy theories?
If all the states in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
When did you realise your crush turned into love? Did you or did you not act on it?
What was one food you loved as a kid but now it seems gross?
I(M) presonally love chokers on girls as sort of a fetish and my GF who doesn't know that thinks it's ugly and i rly wished she would wear one at least in the "bedroom" but i don't know how to confess to her about that fetish and ask her to at least try to wear a choker. Any suggestions?
What do you love most about yourself?
What are some food that are made/eaten horribly wrong across the world ?
I'm dropping out of college. Based on your experience, have I made the right decision?
After a near death experience, what food is most desired?
What's your guilty pleasure song that most would say is terrible but you can't help but love?
What theme park ride did you love that is now gone?
To all the single college guys out there - how do you cope with sudden feelings of loneliness?
People who attended car meets of reddit, what was the most RIDIKULUS car you've ever seen?
There were such moments in your life when you felt like racist / sexist ?
What's The Most Upvoted/Downvoted Posts Of All Time On Reddit?
Just finished junior year or 11th grade of highschool. The pressure of college application and moving away from the life and people that have been here all at all times is immense and only a year away. Is there any thing that can be done or thought about to make is seem less stressful?
what’s your comfort food?
For the fastfood workers on reddit what are the grossest things youve seen or stuff you’ve done working there and if you’re bold name the place
Redditors, how do you mourn/deal with the death of a loved one?
How did someone you love , turn into a monster of a person in your eyes?
Dear Musicians/Song-lovers/Movie-goers of Reddit, what villain songs about coming back after a long time would you recommend?
Redditors who have overcome drug addictions, what actions by your loved ones helped the most in avoiding a relapse?
If you could own the most beautiful mansion with never ending food and drinks but it was in the middle of the Sahara Desert, would you love there? Why or why not?
Before going to IT School, you have to say what programming languages you know and how well?
Multilingual Redditors: what are your tips for learning languages quickly and easily?
[Serious]IF you were given one save point in life to start over again, keeping all memory of what you've experienced in life so far, where would you use it?
What song would you choose, if you had to listen to it on repeat for the rest of your life?
[Serious] If you're madly in love with your SO, what was the defining moment that made you realize it?
/u/Nibodhika responds to: What’s a lie you’ve told that has gotten ridiculously out of hand? [+37]
If you awoke from sleep in a strange place with only your sense of touch, what are some places or locations that you would immediately know right where you are?
Germans of Reddit, what are some negatives of the autobahn that foreigners don’t know?
Do you have a turn on that you're embarrassed about? If so, what is it?
You only get three wishes. You cannot wish for anybody to die, come back to life, or fall in love with anybody else. You can't wish for more genies either. What do you wish for?
What's something that less than 1% of Reddit will care about but you love it to death?
What's your "fuck yea" moment?
What if the most common thing you say at your job + Context
Psychologists of Reddit, why do we show more love towards homeless animals than homeless people?
Although it’s asked a lot on here, I still love asking. What are some random facts and trivia you know?
For those of you who have taken a gap year between high school and college, how was your experience, and did it affect your future positively?
Have you ever been banned on or off Reddit for no-reason?
If you snuck into someone's house to steal food from the fridge what do you hope they have?
Is "Sharing" its own love language or a subset of the original 5?
Did you ever loved someone one sidedly?
Will going to college affect my chances of getting a job at USPS?
Men , what's your biggest fear ?
People who have been part of a police line up, what was it like?
Parents who have gamer or technology lover kids, what do you just not get?
How do you take care of the man you love?
What is a weird, uncommon hobby you can name?
What is something scary, creepy, strange that happened to you and a friend of yours, so that both of you felt it, heard it, saw it?
How can I download VPN? I got a new MacBook Pro, but I forgot to download a VPN. Now, I’m in China, and unable to use Google on it. Is there any way I can get a free VPN despite my web restrictions? I’ve searched this on Google via my iPhone, however I wasn’t able to find anything useful.
What's your favorite food with very strong odor?
What is the worst food you've ever had?
If a guy V is 5'6" and weighs 80kg and a J guy at 6'6" is weighing at 80 kg too, do they both weigh the same? Also when you expand V to 6'6" he would weigh lighter and if you shrank J to 5'6" he would weigh heavier so do they actually weigh the same?
what are some good youtube video stories to watch/ listen to?
People of Reddit, what advice do you have for recent college gradautes?
Music lovers of reddit is there a cover/remix of a song that you thing is better than the original song
Beloved Reddit! My name is Gio and I am about to launch my food &amp; mixology blog. Been contemplating what to name it. I am in a bit of a limbo and need help. Any cool ideas?
How much money should a junior in college have saved up?
I used to get my brother to place a headphone up each nostril and lay his head back on the pillow at night with his mouth open so I could listen to music (we were poor and used to share a bedroom and a walkman, btw doing this makes a speaker). Peep's of Reddit, How did you torture a younger sibling?
What is one thing you love but don’t tell other people you love?
People of Reddit​, what is the one thing that got you through your exams?
When did you realise that your crush is using you as an emotional dumpster (Emotional Trashcan) and she doesn't love you back the way you want her to love you?
How to politely refuse someone's food even if the person knows you like it, but for some reason you don't feel like eating it at the moment?
If you could turn anything to gold what would it be?
People of Reddit, does cheap fast food taste better than more expensive fast food, why or why not?
Reddit, what are the weird foods/recipes you eat? Not particularly cultural, but what your family or group eats.
What's a movie that you feel embarrassed admitting that you love?
What is something you’ve never had to buy in life because of your profession?
What's your favorite comfort food?
What's the shittiest food you've eaten in an expensive restaurant?
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are
What kind of animal do you love the most?
Friends &amp; family who've dealt with suicide, what's your story?
People who believed that the world was gonna end on 21st of December 2012, what did you do?
How likely would you say someone totally revamps their social media when their relationship is about to end?
What is a food combination that sounds weird but tastes amazing?
if you could go back in time and restart your life, with all the knowledge you have rn. would you do it?
Book-lovers, how do you decide what to read next?
What is something you knew to be absolutely true - a fact you would defend to your grave, only to find out it wasn't true?
What does love look like to you?
What's your opinions on House Resolution 5.
What do you think is the main problem with politics/the government?
Would you marry a foreign girl without a college education, speaks no english, not attractive, is poor, but would put up with everything you give her?
Out of WW1 and WW2, which one is more interesting to you?
What question or statement accurately fits the response... fake news?
Are there any true stories of winning back an ex lover and what stories do you know of someone winning back the "one who got away"?
Redditors who grew up in a fairly wealthy family (upper middle class-high class), how hard was it for you to transition (after college) from your parents paying for everything to having to get a job and provide for yourself?
Is it true that modern economic systems compel humans to sell those things that they would have given for free out of love in a good economic system? Any ideas for such good economic system?
Who would you love to see have a rap battle against each other and who do you think would win?
Should it be common knowledge by the time of entering college to know how to take the average of numbers (i.e, you have 2, 4, 8 so the average is (2+4+8)/3 = 4.67)?
What is the past term of yeet?
People who were told they have x amount of time to live, what did you do/are you planning on doing with your remaining time?
What is one food that people hate but you love?
Does anyone here know any antivax reddit? I want to know so I can maybe turn them around.
Ramen lovers of reddit what is the weirdest topping you’ve put on your ramen?
What was the food you couldn't wait to taste, but once you ate it disappointed you the most?
American expats of reddit, what foods do you miss the most?
If the last sentence you typed was to be your superhero catchphrase, what would it be?
Pet owners of reddit, what are some annoying things that people say/ask about your pets? E.g. "Your cat is not nice because it doesn't immediately love me"
What would be the absolute worst foodstuff to have sex with?
College students off reddit. What is the weirdest thing you witnessed on your college campus?
What stupid thing does your loved one spend tons of money?
[Serious] Christians of reddit, why does the bible teach that while there are ten commandments but only seven sins?
What's your favorite food?
making wedding songlist for friend, so what weddings songs from girls singers that you love?
Redditors that work fast food drive-thru, why do you only give 1 ketchup when people ask for some?
When did you realise that you were in love?
Muslims of Reddit: in the extreme hypothetical situation where you are dangerously malnourished but pork is the only source of food, what do you do?
What fast food restaurant has the best desert?
Pet lovers of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing your pet has done?
What made you hate the food you used to love?
I am a Vegetarian (whole life) who wants to try Meat ONCE in his lifetime. What food would you recommend?
Whats the worst lie youve told
What restaurantes do offer real Chinese food like panda express?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the most insane thing you have dealt with when it comes to Anti-Vaxxers?
What is a video game you genuinely love?
People who skipped their high school/college graduation, what did you do instead?
What's one food everyone seems to love but you hate?
Can you totally get away from someone you love?
People of Reddit what is the best memory you have of a loved one that has passed away?
True love
Getting rid of all weed traces before going to singapore
What’s something you did as a kid that you look back on and say “wow, I was dumb”?
To those who generally enjoy their daily job/career. What is the one thing that you don’t like about your job?
What sounds filthy, but isn't?
Boys only want love if its torture. How much do you agree?
What are some fun or interesting websites to look at when you work night shift and have a few hours to spare?
What food have you eaten more than any other food and why? Do you eat it by choice or necessity?
you’re stuck in a room for 30 minutes with any loved one of your choosing. you can do what ever you want, what would you do?
Redditors who are fulfilled in their career; what do you do and what do you love about it?
What is a fast food restaurant you will never eat again?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the worst part of your shift?
What's your most horrifying insect-related story?
What's the most interesting piece of lore in a video game you love?
It's 1:30 am, I just finish revising my notes, I have my first ever college exam at 9 am, please wish me Goodluck?
Fast food employees of reddit, what was the best/funniest prank call you’ve ever gotten?
What are some foods you refuse to try and why?
Pet owners/caretakers of Reddit, what is one thing your pet does as an act of love that the external world would probably fail to understand?
People of Reddit who have met a famous politican, what are your stories?
Dear fast food workers, have you ever thought "there's no way this person can eat all of that" and they actually did? What's the story?
How smart or dumb are your pets?
People of Reddit, what is the stupidest expensive thing you have ever seen?
Anime lovers of reddit, is it a sin to skip the anime opening/ending when watching an episode?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what movie scene has changed your perspective of life?
People of reddit who dropped out of college, why?
Anyone have some advice for how to ward off the old “everyone is more successful and in love than me” fallacy when scrolling through social media?
Nurses of reddit, Currently at the hospital delivering blood to the lab, heard an announcement over the PA system. what is a code 4?
Redditors that went overseas for university/college, what are some of the ups and downs you experienced?
What do you love that you have no time to do?
Older people of reddit, what are the big differences between your 30s and 40s?
What film/book best predicts the future of the human race?
People who are afraid of falling in love, why do you feel this way and what made you feel this way?
What non-political stories have you been following in the news recently that more people should pay attention to?
We give names to our pets. Do you think your pet has a name for you?
What old fashioned thing would you like to see become popular again?
My professor is terrible, Should I drop my college class?
What is something you like but are sick of seeing everywhere?
What is a great book or story you love that for some reason has never been made into a movie that you know could be great?
You get to choose a Halloween costume that your boss has to show up to work in every day for a year. What is it?
If you could design your own universe down to the physics and the last element what would it be and why?
Food now runs on video game logic (e.g spicy foods make you warm, hard foods give you "defense"). What meals do you start cooking and why?
What foods/drinks can you only have during certain types of weather?
What do you think about college do you think it is worth it for everyone is it good to have a degree or to fail and try again i guess
Parents of Reddit, how did you react when you first found out your child was a pornstar?
New Yorkers: What's the best and worst thing about living in NYC?
What’s a moment in your life that you would love to do-over?
What is a food that you've eaten only because someone lied and told you it was something else?
Redditors who had a bad fall out with a close friend or loved one and reconciled, what happened?
What’s you’re favorite “weird” food combination?
Music lovers of Reddit: What are some songs with meaningful lyrics?
What happened the last time you tried to understand the perspective of another mindset, like religion, culture, politics, etc?
For all users of Reddit. If others could suddenly see your saved posts, what would they see?
Fast food workers of Reddit, do you get offended when people use your career as an example of failure?
What is love?
How do museums generate revenue to be able to afford historical artifacts that are sometimes millions of dollars?
What can I do to be better than I was yesterday?
We hear tons of stories about childerns disappointing their parents. Tell a story where parents were complete disappointing assholes
If you had to give up either sex or food - assuming you can live without food. Which one would you give up?
When did you realize that your crush is using you as an emotional dumpster (Emotional Trashcan) and s/he doesn't love you the way you want him/her to love you?
Who did you grow up with that became really successful/famous. What were they like?
Artists of Reddit, when did/what made you realize you wanted to do it for a living?
What have you lost and have no reasonable idea where it could have gone? What's the stroy?
When was a time where you stayed quiet when you were suppose to speak up?
What food gets better the next day when you reheat it?
Waiters,, waitresses, and fast food workers of Reddit, what is the strangest request/order you have had from a customer?
Was there anything in your life that you seen/tried and you loved it but you hated it before and you just couldn’t understand why you hated it before
what unique thing do you put on common foods that people question you about?
What do you do when you feel you don't deserve to be loved?
Lawyers of reddit, what was your "this guy is screwed" case?
If animals show teeth to display aggression, why are smiles a good thing?
Yo Reddit, what's the person you love doing right now?
What’s your favorite fictional love story?
What is one thing that you love but tell your friends/family you hate to save yourself from embarrassment?
Go to your main music library and hit shuffle. What song comes up?
What is something that pairs well with any food?
How can you make a teacher aprobate you in a class after you have reprobated it
What’s a good way to say thank you to our neighbor for watching our pets while we were on vacation who doesn’t except money?
What would you be doing if you were born in 1500?
Grade school teachers or Reddit, does your school have students put on concert performances, and if so, why?
What did you do the summer between high school and college?
You only have 14 dollars to last you two week before payday, what do you do?(Serious)
[Serious] Reddit, did you ever get over your first love and how?
[Serious] Why do womyn don’t like men watching p0rn?
Why is the food service industry such ass? Does it have to be that way?
People who own insects as pets, what and why?
Deep thoughts... Is it possible to eat an exact amount of food that would keep you healthy and also never require you to poop💩?
What is your experience with hacking the escape rooms?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what is one movie you had to leave halfway through while watching in the cinemas and why?
Fast food owners/workers of reddit; At what rate are drive-thru orders prioritized over walk-in orders?
Is there a food that TASTES so bad to you (Not because your allergic or for health reasons) that you would pay half a years wages to avoid eating it?
[Serious] What does it feel like to be in love?
What songs do you love by a band/singer that fans normally hate?
What’s something you hated as a child that you love now?
Why isnt what's happening in the Dominican Republic getting more news coverage?
What is the most overrated thing that everyone loves?
What is your favorite season?
How likely (%) are you to survive a zombie apocalypse? And why?
People who have been naked in school or college, what was your experience. Was it embarrassing? Does it hunt you to this day or did everyone forget the day after?
Why do you love/hate your job?
Smart people of reddit what do you think is the best way to reduce global warming?
Those who have tons of freckles how do you deal with being outdoors a lot or on the beach?
If you could only eat one resturant food for the rest of your life, what restuarant would it be from and what dish? [Serious]
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of attempting to make Japanese food off of anime?
Where would you hide in a house if you played hide and seek?
how to handle 5 days of work, college, relationship, self-care and family?
Petowners of reddit that have pets with lots of hair, how can you live with all the hair without going insane?
Should we put up a Sign?
Who is the first famous person you would punish.(kill, beat, make fun of idk)
What the most Canadian thing you've seen in real life?
Reddit. What's your favorite go to food/snack/drink you simply can't live without?
How would the world look like if humans never developed past cavemen?
People of Reddit, what was one time where a doctor was shocked to hear you survived or was shocked to see something medically strange happening to you?
Did you ever lie about something but actualy made the situation worse? And how?
If you could have one weird creature from any movie as your sidekick which would it be and why?
Sociopaths/psychopaths of Reddit, do you get tired?
What food/drink did you love as a kid, but grew out of as you got older?
Boys of Reddit, what is the time when you have to choose between your dog or your girlfriend?
What sport do you love but you will never play?
Fast food lovers of Reddit, I entreat you; which fast food chain is the superior chain, and why?!
Naruto fans why do you love Naruto so much (as i do) ?
Who is the celebrity that everybody loved at one point, but went downhill because of something controversial?
What is a word you fully understand but people always uses wrongly?
What is this app?
If you could describe your love life with a song title, what song would it be?
Men of Reddit: What is a “feminine” thing you love/love to do but would never tell anyone about for fear of being made fun of?
People who have an alter ego or imaginary friend, who are they and what are they like?
For $1,000,000 you will need to eat either 1 baked potato(no toppings or butter) OR 3 medium bacon crust hot n ready pizzas every day for 30 days. If you have food leftover any of the days you lose the money. What do you choose?
Avid travelers, what is a place you have NO desire to visit, and why?
why do us people believe promises when we know they’re just going to get broken anyways? I would you answer this?
In what cases do you tip your waiter? For sit down restaurants where the waiter brings the menu, takes my order and delivers the food, I know I'm supposed to tip. However, when I just order my food at the counter (different person delivers food to my table), am I expected to tip the cashier?
what was your pick up line that actually ended up working?
Have you ever loved life but at the same time were seriously depressed? What were your thoughts?
Are there any memories from your childhood that you aren’t sure actually happened?
What is a "studies show" headline you've read, where it's like DUH after reading it?
What is the most innocent gift to give a young child (1-8) that the kid would love but the parents would quietly despise you?
People who switched from paper notes to tablet/iPad notes at college, how did you find the experience?
What do you think is the most efficient way to make someone fall in love with you ? [serious]
What are some side hustles you had in college or rn?
⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣆ ⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⡀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠋⣉⣉⣉⡉⠙⠻⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣇⠔⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⢉⣤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠹ ⣿⣿⠃⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡿⠁⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟ ⣿⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⣠⣄⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃ ⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⡴⠚⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⢠ ⠃⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⠴⠋⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾ ⢀⣿?
what’s are the most reposted questions on r/AskReddit?
[Serious] Aliens and Paranormal people of Reddit, help an old Material Naturalist out and give me an experience tonight that falsifies my world view. I love being wrong, bring it on!
What's the most pointless thing you ever cried about?
Humans of Reddit, what are some regional foods that the rest of the world are missing out on?
People of reddit, what is the most disturbing way you've ever masturbated?
What mindsets got you through college?
How important to you is it to have good food compared to good friends?
DnD players of Reddit, what’s the most awesome or evil thing you’ve ever accomplished?
Why do people in commercials always smile?
What are some interesting things that science cannot explain?
What TV show gets better every season?
What would a leaving teacher love to read in a letter?
What's the most controversial opinion you have?
Non-Americans of Reddit, when did you realise that Americans meant university when they referred to college and what confusion did this cause for you?
People of Reddit, what helps you relax at the end of the day?
Which culture's authentic signature food dishes are the easiest to make? (Italian, Mexican, Asian, etc.)
How long do parents have to care for there children (food,home,etc.)?
Redditors with uncommon pets, what can you tell us about your companion?
What are the most lovely and beautiful words you heard from your Wife/Husband/Girlfriend/Boyfriend?
Do you think it’s possible to love someone you’ve never met in person? Why or why not?
What’s something that was acceptable or even “cool” in college that would be totally inappropriate to do as an adult?
What was your most down voted comment/post
What is something you love about yourself?
I have a theory that potatoes are the key to good luck so potato lovers of Reddit, what’s you best good luck story?
Do you think that people should be forced to better understand politics before having the right to vote?
Redditors of Reddit, how did you get a best friend?
Pet owners of Reddit, what ridiculous things have your pets eaten?
What is the feminist take on being a stay at home wife?
Hi reddit, what do you think is the worse, the fact that no one ever loved you or the one who loved stopped doing so?
What’s the weirdest/most disgusting thing you’ve ever found in your food?
What’s a food combination that doesn’t sound so appetizing?
What's your favorite food?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 100 times in a week?
Baby boomers of Reddit, what is something you love about the next generations?
Reddit: What is your favorite memory of a loved one? (alive or passed)
What video games have most diverse NPCs?
What is the most exotic food you have eaten?
Which country does your country love to hate for fun ?
Assuming there is one, what do you look forward to in the afterlife?
People of Reddit that lead healthy lifestyles, how do you maintain a healthy diet when starting out exercise? I just want chips lol
Can you name a food with the letter "Q" in it?
Picky Redditors. What food or ingredient will you not eat?
The Avengers and Justice League are having a War inside your house what would you do?
To those who love their jobs, what’s life like? Would you be considerably less happy if you were good at a job you didn’t like?
You know you love them, but what is your absolute pet peeve your SO does?
I just need some real life help I love two girls at the exact same time and I dont want to hurt either of them but I dont know what to do. Do you have any advice?
You are a prof for a class of medical students in their last year before graduating. For a final exam, you decide to infect each student with a random ailment and give them a week to diagnose and treat themselves in order to pass. What infection would make for the hardest final exam? Easiest?
Delivery food/item/whatever People, what is the strangest delivery story?
If yoy feeell from high place in dream how it feel?
Who's an underrated musician that you love?
Redditors what is the deepest secret you are willing to share on your main account?
How do you be Superman?
What is the smell that you love the most?
What Are The Best Traits You "Inherited" From Your Parents? The Worst?
What's the strange thing you've had a food craving for and were 100% sure you weren't pregnant?
What’s the most flattering way someone has tried to impress you?
You resurrect five historical figures for a dinner party (the more contrasting between personalities, the better) complete with the finest food and drink imaginable. Who do you resurrect for said dinner party?
What is a saying that your boss loves?
What is a game you could sit for hours and play?
What's a food that you used to hate but now you love?
People that suffer/suffered from depression or have gone through a rough patch in life, when did you realize you loved life again?
Which food tastes the best homemade?
Fast food workers of reddit what is the one ingredient that gets everywhere all the time and is annoying to clean?
What's a fact about food you think is interesting?
Reddit, how many pets have you had and how old were they(in human yrs) when they died?
Pet owners of Reddit, what have you and your pets been discussing lately?
Is it possible for a 35 year old divorced woman with four kids and generalized anxiety to find someone to love her? Have you found love, post-divorce with kids?
If someone were to learn some form of hand-to-hand combat, what would be considered the most deadly so that one would essentially be capable of neutralising any kind of threat?
What is a song you love to listen to over and over again?
Women of Reddit, do you still ever think about your first love or even sometimes miss them?
What are some of your disgusting food service stories?
Different countries of Reddit, what are some laws that you find odd or deem necessary from the US?
What do you love about thunderstorm sounds?
What is the best, most savage roast that you have heard?
[serious] Why are there two words for animals and when they become food in English language (cow-beef, pig-pork, etc, but not chicken)?
What is a combination of foods which people think is gross but that you love?
Who's more to blame for obese people, the fast food companies, or the people eating the food?
What’s one show/movie you hated at first but now love?
What is your favorite food, but make it sound like your a 20 star restaurant?
Why there is no cat food with mouse flavour?
College folk, what is one thing you wish you knew before attending college?
Do you know of an example when a predator suddenly became the prey?
Where do you want the next Assassin's Creed game to take place?
What was the most craziest way you survived a near death accident?
how much love your family ?
People who leave VOX(voice or sound activated) game chat turned on: why do you do that?
Cooks and food enthusiasts of Reddit, what are some good, healthy ways to use up a LOT of impulse bought beans?
List of foods with names of places?
If you had an infinite amount of one certain food, what would it be?
What's one small quirk you love about your SO?
Do you think extremely well written games like RDR2 or The Last of Us or Life is Strange will ever be taught in classrooms (and not just as part of some random elective in college, but seen as actual classics)?
What are some foods you like to smell, but not to eat or vice versa?
People who love to go hitchhiking or camping , what's the creepiest,unexplainable thing you've seen or heard in the woods ?
What was your. "We will never know the answer" Question that has been answered, and what was the answer?
What is something crazy you did for love?
/u/AutoModerator on People of Reddit, where would you go during a zombie apocalypse to best protect yourself and loved ones?
What is Internet reliability, quality, and price like in your region of the world?
What your closest near death experience?
What are your weird food fetishes that you encourage other people to try?
Your DJ name is the last thing you ate and your pets name; who are we welcoming to the stage?
What's your favorite American food and where are you from?
Why are there still people who buy college textbooks when nearly everything is available online for free?
I'm applying to McDonald's to be a department manager. For the position, does McDonald's look for people with experience in the fast food industry? If other kinds of experience is appropriate, what are they?
What was your best, and what was your worst interaction on reddit?
What’s the best story of internet shit taking instant karma?
What is the best pick up line you could think of
From your time spent on reddit, what would you say redditors love the most?
Is there a food that tastes so bad to you that you would pay half a years wages to avoid? (Not because your allergic or for health reasons)
Retail workers of reddit, what is the weirdest combination of items a customer bought?
What are your favorite movies scenes with food that either looks great or makes you hungry?
What is a strange food combination that is actually good?
Old Minecrafters what was your favorite mob before the aquatic update?
What are some expenses that might come as a shock to a new adult / college student right out of high school?
What if its ur first date &amp;u have only 1 dollar 💵 what will u buy for ur love ?
What’s the most different province/state/city you’ve travelled to?
What is an event from your childhood that has no significance at all, but you remember vividly?
Would you rather love your spouse much less than they love you, or the reverse?
People who own pets, did your pet reacted oddly with another person? If so, was it justified?
How do you feel if someone you loved the most dies in your arms?
What is the weirdest food/drink you made &amp; enjoyed?
If you could get all the money back you spent on college, what would you use it towards?
What bot do you know that’s horrible at Reddit?
Users of reddit, what is the most disgusting food combination someone you know or has seen enjoys?
What has been the plot twist of your life so far?
when did you realise you were in love ?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit - do you actually appreciate people stacking their dishes after their meal?
People who have gotten better from mental health conditions, what advice would you give to people suffering?
What made you say, "fine, I'll do it myself."
What is the worst idea you have ever come up with
What celebrity do you think you could be friends with?
How do you show your love?
What are the words that bother dyslexic people most?
What's a food that for most people there's a too much of a good thing limit that you could just keep piling on without a problem?
[Serious] Current/former homeless people of Reddit who lived on the street: How did you deal with going to the bathroom?
Doctors of Reddit, when you disappear for 20 minutes after the start of the appointment, where do you go?
What would you rather, knowing a loved one may pass away soon or that he/she would pass unexpectedly?
Which person do you hate but would still love to fuck?
College Graduates of Reddit; what are the things you learned in college that you actually need in order to do the job you do right now?
What are things you associate with your "nostalgic times"?
What is the most expensive food you have ever ate?Where did you eat it and how much did it cost?
What would you do if you were losing the love of your life to your own addiction and it's behaviors?
why do i feel unloveable
If there was an Academy Award category for best actor/actress of the decade, who are your picks for the 70s, 80s, 90s, 00s and 10s?
if someone who was overweight ate good food but over the daily calorie intake would that person be at risk to health issues (heart disease, diabetes, etc)
What's your best college advice?
For those who were in love and the relationship ended, how did you recover from heartbreak?
What are your top 3 favorite subreddits?
In your best words, what does love feel like to you?
Why do you love yourself
Which fast food chain has the best burgers?
What's the weirdest food combination you had ?
Reddit, what's your favourite food combo?
People of reddit, what is a liquor you have a love/hate relationship with?
Sex workers of reddit, who was the best client you ever had?
How do I know if I’m in love or just into the feeling of someone being interested in me?
What's the most difficult 'Would You Rather' question you've ever heard?
What are non socially acceptable sounding food combinations you actually quite like?
What food combination sounds disgusting but tastes amazing?
Why do we all love Keanu Reeves?
Parents of reddit, what is your "sex policy" for your children? No sex before college? No sex in the house?
Looking for a Game app, it’s a game where you are a black blob escaping some kind of facility killing scientists and lab workers while trying to maneuver around as a blob thing. I loved it years ago and can’t find it anywhere, please help reddit thanks :)
What reasons make you downvote a post on reddit?
Would you eat food that's been on the ground?
Does anyone have the video of alex jones reacting to memes about him?
If you could go back in time and ask your parents one question, what would your question be?
I've always seen questions about the opposite sex, what's your most awkward situation with the same sex?
People who have pets, what's your pet's name and why did you name it like that?
What is the typical annoying person?
People who have made passports, is forging a passport as easy that it's in the movies?
What is the worst thing someone ever did to you?
What's the most cryptic answer you've ever gotten to a seemingly normal question?
Do you feel awkward when couples around you start to get all "lovey-dovey"?
Do you love your life? Why or why not?
What fast food place has the best “healthy options”?
What’s your favourite food?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What is a game you hate but others love ?
Do you have any friends who can't seem to find love no matter how hard they try?
What are your work benefits like?
Does the amazon app buy things when not in use, has this happened to anyone else?
What are some legit online colleges/universities?
To those who attended an all-boys school straight until high school, what did you guys do the moment you stepped into college? (or released into the "wild")
It seems like most people prefer "Old Reddit," why does Reddit insist on maintaining their new interface?
I'm in Amsterdam and I'm ready to go. Suggestions please!
Picky eaters, what food drives you nuts?
What thing would you love to do, but lack the innate skill for?
Which food did a cartoon make you hate as a kid?
People of Reddit what do you ever feel empty
What's your favorite late night drunk food to eat?
What food does everyone seem to love, but you really cant stand?
What do they make dog biscuits out of to make them so much more preferred by dogs over dog food?
What is an unusual food combination that you love but everybody else hates?
Why the fuck are people still learning Latin?
Morgue workers/body investigators of reddit, what has been the most f@cked up body you have seen and what happened?
How do you (in your personal life) define “falling in love”?
What's your biggest regret?
Why is it people that require the most validation, attention, affection, love, admiration tend to be so selfish with giving it out?
What's the cutest doodle you showed (or did for!) your beloved?
What held your partner back from saying “I love you” even though they wanted to?
What techniques do you use to make boring food more enjoyable?
The Incredibles was released in 2004. I was 5 then. Violet in movies was 14. I loved her. The Incredibles 2 was released last year. I was 19. Violet still 14. So if I still love her, will I become a pedophile...???
What's wrong with the current government and democracy?
Do you believe in good and evil? Why or why not?
What is the best game to play while listening to a podcast?
What’s the biggest lie your parents/grandparents told you when you were younger to keep you from doing something?
People who are fluent in 3+ Languages, what language do you think in and why?
Reptile owners, do your pets have individual personalities?
People that went to college, did it make you smarter in general? How so?
Teen wolf fans of reddit how much do you love stiles ?
What’s something you would say to your food and girlfriend?
What is the obsession with love island about?
What are some pros and cons and significant differences between teaching high school vs teaching community college?
What will Apple's next product be that will come with an expensive add-on?
What's your favourite soundtrack from a videogame? What reasons do you have?
What is the functional reason(if any) for Jeep Wranglers to have their window controls in the center console as opposed to on the doors?
What is one moment from your childhood that you now know only happened because people are nice to kids?
How do you know your in love at 14?
How would you describe your personality and physical appearance using only animal attributes?
What do you contribute back to society?
Your food Sin guilty pleasure?
What is considered junk food in your country?
People who didn't graduate high school/ college, what did yall end up doing?
Why do so many men post nudes on Reddit when they never get any love?
What did the joker mean by nobody panics when everything goes according to the plan?
What's something out of the ordinary that you've done since childhood?
Is it ever morally wrong to sell something more then you got it for?
What’s the most expensive mistake you ever made?
Which things (skills, competencies, accomplishments) should every kid have mastered by the time they’re ten?
What's your best tip for concentrating? (I'm struggling to focus when programming and would appreciate some good advice)
Multilingual reddittors, what are some tips and tricks to make learning a new language easier?
Women who "babytrapped" men do you regret it? And why did you do it in the first place? (Serious)
“Who is the most overrated person in history?”
1 year ago I joined reddit, loved every second of it. What made you join reddit in the first place?
Redditors who can legally buy liquor, how often do you get ID'd?
Whats something you like/love as a kid but,gradually, start to hate/lose interest? Why?
At what moment did you realise you loved your significant other?
What is something that you have seen, that makes you say “I love the internet”?
If you could only know one, would you know WHEN you die or HOW you die?
What are some of Reddit’s best tips for writing love letters?
How do you get over intensely suicidal thoughts when you've done everything on the check sheet to stop them? e.g exercise, professional help?
Those who have quit alcohol, how did you do it?
How did it feel to get your first paycheck? and how did you use it?
Just out of high school, will be doing online college for the next half year, best friend is moving and I dont have a girlfriend or anyone to do anything with. How do I meet new people without having a school environment?
Why do you think some people are just better than others?
What do you love most about your job and what do you do?
What's the most equitable and democratic "voting system" - that we should use instead of the STUPID, biased, unfair "electoral college"....EXAMPLES: "mixed-member proportional representation", "party-list proportional representation", "single transferable vote", "instant runoff voting", ETC. ?
What's the worst way you've seen someone or you yourself, have fucked up?
[Serious] What's a food you don't necessarily dislike the taste of, but can't eat anymore because of a memory associated with it? What is that memory?
What are some weird food that you combined that looks bad but it actually tase good?
What is a recent accomplishment you’re proud of but felt like you have no one to tell about it?
It's my Reddit initiation as a college freshman and I have to run through AskReddit without any clothes on. What do you say or do as I run by?
What's the worst thing that you've ever seen on r/fiftyfifty or just on the internet in general?
What ultimate goal in life?
If you were the last person on earth, (Picture it this way: Power, food, drink and everything is still magically available, just no people.) what would be the first thing you’d do?
LGBTQ+ people of Reddit who have come out to loved ones, how did they react? Did they accept you? Reject you? One then the other? How did you handle it? Did things change? Are you glad you did it?
What’s your favorite thing about public libraries?
What embarrassing or funny situation with you saying "I love you" to a family member did you still remember?
What's the saddest song you know?
How did you managed to reconnect with a friend after confessing an unrequited love?
Dirtiest sex session you’ve had at university/college? (Gang bang, orgy, group masturbation? Any stories?
What is love?
What is the perfect snack to eat while watching the NBA finals?
Using only food ingredients, what is the most disgusting sandwich you can come up with?
I don't know reddit, I just watched I Spit On Your Grave 2 beacuse a female friend said these movies are important. I feel sick to my stomach and ashamed to be male after watching only one film. Should these films exist? Should they be banned? Or are they calling attention to rape culture?
What do you love and hate about society?
Stoners of Reddit, what is an "enhanced" version of a normal food that you have invented or discovered?
Reddit, what is your favorite fictional animal?
What's the main ingredient in your favorite food?
How much does it cost to make everybody in this planet follow what they love and have everything they need, no wealthier, no poorer, just a human with strict standards and behaviors listed by 1 president, no wars, no assault, death only by aging? How much? Is it that hard to do?!
(Serious) how do I tell a loved family member I’m concerned about their physical health and that they need to watch their weight?
What’s the worst part about graduating college and starting your real adult life?
What natural food tastes the most like its color?
Redditors, what was your largest fast food order and why?
What is it called when somebody is rude or roast you alot, but you can´t get enough of them/ you still are friends?
What is the worst Video Game console ever made?
People who went to college later in life, was your experience easier than your younger peers, did it pay off?
What tips do you have to make working at a fast food place enjoyable?
Ender Chests are now real and owned by most people. What do you store in yours?
What’s something that you really want to like, but just can’t, even though other people seem to love it?
Members of r/askreddit, what is the worst case of public school "food" that you've ever had.
What show do you remember that you loved watching as a kid but your now terrified of it as a adult?
What is one of the worst parts about being the President of the USA that isn't so obvious?
Hypothetically, if I put Drano, which was right next to my resolve carpet cleaner for pets, into my steam cleaner (hypothetically I own a big green machine) what would make that surprising to somebody looking around and to whom I told that to later?
Fellow redditors, What is a thing that only mens can understand?
Those who received large amounts of money from Mr. Beast or other such YouTubers, what was your experience? Was it real? And did you have to pay taxes?
How did it feel to fall in love for the first time?
I’m currently a Film major who will be getting a BFA within the next year. However, I love marketing but it’s too late for me to change majors now. Does anybody here have a degree in something they ended up NOT doing? Why did you end up pursuing that career instead?
which certificate we required to become cyber security architecture in India.which programming language's i should i learn..? now i am in sy bsc computer science.If my JAVA language is good then it is have some important in this field..?
What horse has been beat to death here on r/askreddit?
[SERIOUS] Campers of Reddit, what is one late-night experience that will haunt you forever?
Students who live on their own, go to university or college, what are the best tipps and lifehacks when it comes to rooms, food, money, etc. ?
What is the craziest worst case scenario you've ever come up with in your head?
Yes or no?
Wives of Reddit, what does your husband do that makes you feel consistently loved?
Dear Thinkers and Philosophers of Reddit. What is the Opinion or Question of you wich has gotten the most hate even tho there’s nothing really morally wrong with it?
AskReddit: What’s the most unhealthy food you’ve eaten in the last week?
Is it better to feel nothing/numb or to feel depressed/low?
Do romantic, long-term relationships actually work?
Teachers of reddit, what is the most creative way a student has sneaked food into class?
What is the most horrendous thing you have done to a loved one?
What’s the most interesting thing you learned about your parents?
how will emigrating to lesser countries improve the livelyhood of ex cons that have college degrees in first world countries?
If you could get technological implants for something other than health reasons, would you?
what is your most missed up situation that you managed to make it more missed up?
People of reddit, what is the most horrific thing that you found in your food?
What particular trait about your pet do you love the most?
What are some of your favorite podcasts?
What food would you never attempt to prepare yourself?
(Serious) What kind of love is the most important to you? Why?
What is a college course you think could benefit others?
What's your favorite snack food?
What is the l grossest thing you have EVER looked up/seen using any device on the internet?
What was a trend or somthing that people did in school that you started?
I'm the first person in my family to go to college and I could really use some advice about improving as a student.
Which "As Seen on TV" product infomercial did your family fall in love with?
What was the most frustrating time that you dropped food and it was unsalvageable?
People of reddit, what is the one song you can never stop listening to?
Why do i always laugh when i cry?
What publicly beloved person (dead or alive) you dislike? Why?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what times has an actor completely surprised you with their performance?
What is one food smell you can't stand?
What’s a food you love that most people don’t?
What's some good food to buy/make if you don't have access to a stove, oven, or microwave?
what advice can you give to someone that's just starting college?
What is the going rate for a high school graduation cash gift?
What's a food that tasted amazing to you as a kid but tastes terrible as an adult?
What do you think about refugees in your country ?
What is your best quotes about programming?
What was the most unfair/bogus way you have see a colleague get fired?
[Serious] Phone Sex Workers of Reddit, what's your job like?
Redditors with a cat, what is the weirdest thing your cat does?
What's your favorite food, and why?
Whats the weirdest/funniest thing you've heard or seen someone do in college?
[Serious] Which wild animal did you nurse back to life then let free to the wild?
Why do overly sweet foods tickle (tingle maybe?) the tongue?
[Serious] What exactly did you do to love yourself?
Why do people fall in love in mysterious ways?
When was the last time you said i love you to your parents?
For people who live in countries with free college, what incentives do you have to do above the minimum in high school since you don’t have to worry about scholarships?
Should I (M, 26) get in an serious relationship with my ex who i love or stay single and enjoy life with parties and women?
People born in the 70's and 80's, what is a song that you loved but people don't play anymore?
What is the best food?
"I love it when a plan comes together!" Where have I heard this quote?
What's the most disgusting food you've eaten?
My girlfriend wants to use her strap-on with me. What should I do?
Dear lovely ladies of ARAD. What do you think of male ass play? I'm a straight M48 and this will soon go into my ass. Don't worry, I have lube :-D https://imgur.com/xMcEbSG
Men, why do you still hide the engagement ring in your sock/underwear drawer?
What is something you wish you knew before going into college?
What's a food or drink you cannot touch again thanks to a bad experience?
What is it like being loved? Also how does it feel not being alone?
What food could you destroy anybody else in a food eating contest?
Who or what is your last braincell?
Why does fresh iceberg lettuce smell like cocaine?
Will you give up your dream for a persons life or will you save that persons life and never attain your dream?
Soldier / ex-soldier of Reddit, what are your best / worse souvenir and what did you learn from it ?
Is gaming a sport? Yes or no?
What's the food you totally hate that actually turned out to be good after someone made you eat it?
[Netflix?] Married man, but in love with housekeeper, has a child with each, half siblings have hostile relationship.
What was a stupid "fact" you were told about sexuality / sex, and did it it ever get you into an awkward situation?
What's your favorite food to eat/prepare differently than its intended way?
Why did you start a (romantic) relationship, are there other reasons then falling in love?
what is one thing that made you realise you had fallen out of love?
Redditors who have been catfished, what is your story?
I watch a lot of food tasting review videos, foreign foods, MRE's, new recipes. I'm wondering where the reaction to good tastes come from? Mmmmmm, MMMMmmmm and other variations sometimes just a grunt. Ever notice that?
What is your absolute favorite food?
What's everyone favorite fast food or chain restaurant?
You have to fight 100 lions with a weapon of your choice. If you win you get a million dollars. Which weapon do you bring?
What do you think of Filipino food?
Do you believe in love at first sight ?
I have an international internship coming up where I have to make a promotional video about "fun things" you can do on a study abroad trip to the UK/Europe. I'm painfully broke. How can I have the most fun for the least amount of money in the UK &amp; Europe?
What does it mean to fall out love ?
What food combination do you love that everybody else hates
How would you define “love”?
Emergent C
People of Reddit, what do you love about your partner/crush?
What is the worst food, in your opinion?
Gamers of reddit, if you could have one weapon from any videogame, which one would you pick?
If you could talk to anyone’s living or dead 10 year old self who would you talk too?
How much food waste goes into an average cubic yard of commercial grade compost?
What's a food you refuse to eat?
What food has been ruined for you to where you'll never eat it again?
Besides sex, how do you want a best friend yo be different than your significant other?
What's the equivalent of "Live Laugh Love" for other personalities?
What’s the love story the makes you believe in love?
What does your happiness look like?
What is the best "weird" food combination you've tried?
[Serious please] What is love? Are there different types?
Can you love someone who you talk daily with but have never met in person?
Is my food bowl ok?
what is it like to fall in love and how does one know that they’re in love?
What was the most messed up thing a teacher has said in class?
How do you tell someone you love you think they need to lose weight?
poor people of reddit, what kind of smartphones do use?
Parents of reddit, what little things do your kids sometimes do for you that just makes you feel really happy?
How do you find new music artists/genres/styles?
What was the most recent thing you purchased besides food?
Redditors in Hollywood: What was your "Big Break"?
What would you tell the bouncer at the Salty Spitoon to let you in ?
Redditors of reddit, what is unique and what you love about reddit?
My Girl is changing jobs after being at the same place for 12 years. I would love to get her something special for making the move, can anyone think of anything better than flowers?
Reddit announces it will shut down in 6 hours. How does each Subreddit react?
People with unique/awkward first names, how do people react when they hear your real name?
What’s one thing you want to say to someone you love, but can’t in fear of hurting them?
What are some decent jobs someone without a college degree can get?
What was your funny way of coming out?
If anyone has met the president, What does Donald Trump smell like?
I love this
What is a weird food combination that you invented that tastes really good?
What do you say to someone with terminal cancer? [Serious]
Who is a TV or movie character that most people love, but you can’t stand?
Where can I work at 17 in Ohio that isn’t fast food?
What are essential foods for a buffet?
What would be the worst food to do a "Lady and the Tramp" with?
What's a video you love that no matter how many times you've already seen it, you have to watch everytime it comes up?
What’s a stereotypical catchphrase or saying from your state/town/city/area?
Whats the worst thing you have found in your food at a restaurant?
LGBT+ of Reddit, what do you like and dislike about being LGBT+?
What is the cringiest puppy-love thing you’ve ever done?
Which Bible character do you see yourself as?
What are some food items that sound like racial slurs?
What things/items/foods are illegal in your country, that aren't illegal in the USA or Vice Versa? [No Politics, Please]
What is your dream job? Are you doing it?
What is something you want to ask on this subreddit but can't because nobody will answer it?
What was your ,,oh shit that worked" moment?
Alcohol from fast food places?
What do you love about Kim Kardashian?
What is a good idea for an ironman poster with the quote "I love you 3000"?
What is the creepiest thing you have seen at a fast food restaurant?
What is one rule that you always follow and you think other people should follow to?
What was the moment that made you think "Holy shit I'm in love with my best friend"? And how did things go from there?
What food would you fight someone for the last bite of?
What do you add to bland food to make it taste better?
People of Reddit, what is a weird food combination that tastes good?
What food should I give my foreign exchange from Italy in the US?
People who have become runners, how much do you love it and what did you think about it before you started?
What movie did you last watch?
What movie do you love but never bring up to anyone?
Black people of Reddit what is the most racist thing you have heard?
People who were born on the 29th of February. How special are birthdays for you?
Is it ok to look up a girl you matched with on a college directory ?
To all the pillow lovers of reddit
Redditors who have been cheated on by someone you loved with all your heart, how do you get over it?
What country has the best food
Which country loves to spam ads in our faces?
What's the worst experience you've ever had with a college roommate?
If the US didn’t involve itself with the USSR, would communism/socialism been successful?
Can you make a poem about what you had for breakfast?
What’s a fact you know that’s completely useless?
Semi truck drivers of Reddit, what is something you love when regular drivers do?
What word do you love to type ona keyboard?
What's a food that you've eaten that made you wanna say "I hate it, but I love it,"?
If money wasn’t a problem, what career path would you choose because you loved it?
Which YouTuber did you love watching until a scandal occured?
What foods disappear if all eggs vanish?
What country has the best food?
You have 1 hour to get the largest prison sentence possible. What crime(s) will you commit?
Dog owners, did you see any behavior changes after getting your dog neutered?
Have you ever fallen in love with your best friend? How did it end up?
We all know OJ Simpson and his bloody glove. What are some lesser-known real life courtroom dramas?
What keeps you going on your down days?
What is something you where forced to learn in school, but never ended up using?
What food or dish could you serve to someone of any age, in any country, that they would enjoy?
What’s the closest you have ever come to dying?
What was your experience like watching endgame?
What happened to your first love ?
What is your "don't knock it til you've tried it!" food/flavor combo?
Has anyone married their first love?
Food lovers of reddit what are some of the most weirdest/ gross food pairings that just shouldn't go together yet it works?
People who have caught their SO cheating, how did you do it?
If manly men are alpha males and inferior men are beta, are newborn boys meta males?
Should I be featured in an article by my college that I dislike? [M20]
What food do you hate the smell of but love the taste?
Food Now tastes as it smells, what food would you have first and why?
You have to give up sex/masturbation for the rest of your life or eating food you enjoy. What do you choose and why?
What is the best moment you've ever had in your life?
How would you describe Reddit to someone who has never heard of it before?
What makes you cringe?
[Serious] What are things you doubt about yourself?
What is a food combination that is better than it should be?
What's your scariest encounter with a Mountain Lion in the wild?
What’s the worst case of “Jekyll and Hyde” of someone you know when they drink?
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, literally give an arm for?
Hedgehogs or Raccoons?
When did you and your SO first say “I love you”?
What is your side hustle?
What is love? Baby don't hurt me.
What do I do if I suspect my teacher of being on crack?
Music lovers of Reddit, what's the best ft. in the history of ft.?
[Serious] Victims who have been kidnapped,trafficked,etc for a long time (5yrs +) how were you able to escape and were you able to recognize your loved ones?
Ladies- if you told a platonic female friend you loved them &amp; their family, &amp; they didn't answer, how would you feel? What would be going on here?
What song is in a language you don't speak, but you love it anyway?
How can i utilize my college days so that it would help in my future?
Why would any guy love to sit back and watch his girlfriend fuck other guys?
Trying to hit it on the first date, any tips?
What food recipe on Youtube have you tried at home?
Men with severe mental illnesses, what was different about the girl who actually fell in love and stayed with you?
What’s the best fast food restaurant? Why?
Men of reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
What are the side effects of unrequited love?
What is rhymes with orange?
Americans of reddit : why there is strong opposition to free college and student loan forgiveness?
What combination of food and movie (or show) reliably sends you to a happy place?
What's a food you don't like to eat?
People of reddit, what's something you use to hate, but now love?
What would you love to try someday?
What's a cute nickname to give to my not quite girlfriend?
Coming Up With A Research Topic On Waste Materials
What is one movie that the audience loved, but the critics hated?
What are nuisances, such as mosquitoes, that we could realistically leave behind when we build Moon and Mars colonies and beyond?
What is the most Californian thing you could say right now?
People who have delivered food, what’s your weirdest delivery story?
What were your last words to someone you loved, without knowing that they would be the last?
Introverts, how did you find your love?
Gamers, you love to game, Gamers love gaming. To game, we need games. Gaming to game with other gamers. Gaming?
Does God love Satan or not? Why?
A magic genie grants your wish to have a specific food order request never messed up again ... What is your request?
What's the worst punishment you got from your parents/care givers? What did you do?
People who accidentally killed their pets, what happened?
Cats of reddit. Meow?
Redditors that have been in love, do you ever stop loving someone?
Are the parent child relationships shown in TV/film with natural closeness, hugs and I love yous typical to normal life or mostly Hollywood confabulation?
If your dick could talk, what would it say to you?
Do you sing to your pets? If so, what songs?
If you were a make-a-wish kid, what would be your one wish that was actually possible?
Reddit, What is something you need to do or learn before college?
What topic could you talk about for hours and hours?
What was the strangest rumour about you at your school?
What's the issue that caused your family's feud, was it resloved, how?
Tourists who visited NYC, what was the first thing you saw that made you ask yourself "wtf"?
What's your guilty pleasure food?
What’s the ‘I wish I had said that back’ moment you most regret not taking?
What is the nastiest thing that isn’t food you have ever eaten?
What is your craziest fast-food story?
If it meant life or death, You have to pick a food that you must eat until you vomit. This is the only option to love. What is the food?
What is the book/movie that changed your life?
If an anti-vaxxer parent takes an insurance policy out on a child upon its birth and it dies of a disease that could have been prevented, are they still entitled to the benefit?
What song do you love from an otherwise bad album?
Why have Americans lost so much self control when it comes to food and sex?
90’s kids, what specific moment of a tv show/cartoon you loved as a kid that makes you nostalgic?
What is something you wish you could’ve told a loved one before they passed, but didn’t?
If you knew that you’d die suddenly in one year would you change anything about about the way you’re now living? What, and why?
What is something you wish you would have known in college?
What’s a surprising food fact?
What ingredients in food make for the most potent smelling farts?
People with pets. What is the biggest betrayal they made?
What are your tips and tricks to surviving college/uni life?
What is your worst hangover story ever?
Tall people of Reddit, what's your best story?
What is your comfort food when you are sick (like down with flu), makes you feel so much better?
canadians, how much do you care about the environment?
What's the most overrated food ever?
How can college graduates with no experience start out in their job search?
(Serious) What are your life goals?
When did you realize you were in love with your S/O?
What is the biggest lie within a particular food industry?
What do dragon flies do at night?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Twins, what is the most malicious thing you've done with your twin?
What are good ways to make money under legal working age?
An alien race has taken over half of the world in 5 days and brainwashed all of it except you. What do you do?
If all humans followed your same habits how would the species evolve?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life? What would it be?
Police officers of reddit, what do you love about your job?
People who don’t dislike modern day society, what’s it like?
Fathers of reddit have you ever gotten in trouble legally just because you took your kids out alone, if so what happened?
Switch a character from a beloved film/TV show with a character of the same name from a different movie/show. What character would be the most drastic change?
Theater lovers, what's your favorite musical and why?
What is your favorite "HELL YES!" moment in any media?
Whose side are you on: Crowder or Maza and why?
Gamers of Reddit, in what game would you love to be a noob again?
What college did you go to and what was your major and do you think youre smarter than those without a degree?
Straight women of reddit would you date a man who dips tobacco?
Have any of you bad any supernatural encounters involving a djinn?
Do any of you joke to your pets about their mortality like they understand what you're saying to them so you can cope with it yourselves?
What are some foods, or ingredients, that can only be found where they originated?
Why do you stare at some people you pass on the sidewalk/in the store/etc?
Dog lovers of reddit, how did you deal with family members being unreasonable with a foster situation?
What is the worst song to make love to?
What did your crush do that made you fall in love ?
if your food can talk , what it's last word ?
Guitarists of Reddit, how do you overcome a guitar burnout? When I first got my guitar I use to play it frequently and practiced a lot. But for the past few months I kept it aside to focus on academics and college projects. I'd now like to get back to playing the guitar but I feel really demotivated
Which fast food place has the best napkins, which has the worst?
Family members of a loved one convicted for murder, what happened and how did it affect you?
[SERIOUS]What is the scariest thing you have ever experienced ?
What quirky things do your pets do that brings joy to your day?
Ask reddit, what was the moment your parents realized you’re no longer a kid anymore?
film lovers on Reddit , Stream or Cable ?
What popular vacation spots are actually dangerous?
Lurkers of Reddit, what subreddit is your favorite to lurk on?
What food is worse with cheese?
I would love to hear about some bad things gone good... Reddit what are your almost happened stories?
Does anyone else sometimes blow on cold food to cool it down by accident like you do to hot food?
You have 2 weeks to pas a 2 month college class, and have anxiety, what do you do?
Is there one food that you really want to like but just don't?
Afterlife believers: if your S/O dies, and you take up another lover, how will you interact after death?
What is the most underrated food?
How long do you go after the sell by date on food?
What's your favorite food mix that sounds disgusting but actually tastes pretty good?
Graduates of reddit, what's better about life now having graduated college and getting a job?
What would you do if you could freeze time
How do you move on from failure in love?
What’s a food you learned to love overtime?
How do you picture your love life like in five years?
What food that is healthier than you thought?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious] Workers of Reddit, how did you treat grades in high school/college and how is it affecting you now?
People who love their job, what does a typical work day look like?
People who used to work in fast food, do you still eat at the place you worked at? Why or why not?
r/askreddit have you ever shot someone protecting your house, yourself, or someone you loved?
How many tumblr screenshots have you seen in the past week?
If colleges require immunization forms and certain shots to be done, what do the anti-vax parents do? Is the college-bound student forced to take shots or just not allowed to go to college?
My first love was an Internet girlfriend 13 years ago, we’ve lost all contact, how do I find her again?
Fast food employees of reddit, what are some personal details customers have said without realising you could hear them?
What are secrets tricks to surviving college?
If you're currently in love or like someone what is something you admire about that person?
What was the last straw with someone you love? Family, friends, or relationship?
What part of the human body dont you use so wouldnt be much of a loss, if lost?
Is the USA done with it's sick little racist hissyfit yet?
What disgusting food combo do you actually enjoy?
What strange food combination(s) do you like?
What's your nastiest fast food experience?
Music lovers of reddit, what's the most iconic lyric that makes no sence?
What are your favourite snack foods?
Should you love your job?
What's something enjoyable and unpleasant at the same time?
What is the most insane coincidence that led you to meeting someone you know and love today?
Have you ever experienced a groundhog day?
What household items do your pets like to play with?
Hey Redditors, what are some other basic (e.x. Live, Laugh, Love) decorations that people have in their homes?
Why does our body love the foods that are bad for us? Makes no sense to me.
What are some jobs out there that recent college graduates might not know about?
People that commutes to college. Did you regret it?
What do you love most about your best friend?
What is in your opinion the best thing about young love (the time when you are dating but not married)?
What do you love most about yourself?
What time of food do you binge eat?
Non-americans who love guns; how do you get your fix when it comes to guns?
Vegans, what's your favorite vegan food to eat?
Do you, sometimes, think about someone from your high school or college who wasn't your friend or crush. And why do you think about him/her?
You have to eat at ONE fast food place/restaurant for the rest of your life what place and why?
What is the weirdest food combination you've tried till date?
Musicians of reddit who perform on stages, do you try your moves before the show or they just come out naturally?
What food have you always wanted to try?
Chefs of Reddit, in regards to sea food mussels, why do some have a fishy or an off strong smell and taste after cooked and some do not. I have bought fresh and after cooked they did not smell or taste fishy, I go to multiple restaurants and the fresh mussels taste fishy and strong?
How did chronic illness affect your life?
Reddit, what is the weirdest/funniest/meanest/creepiest/dumbest thing you’ve heard on a phone call after the other person forgot to hang up?
What is the best college/university?
[serious] If you had two hours to spend time with a person or people who are not family / love interest / significant other, would you prefer a small group, large group or single person and why?
People who served in the military, what was your life or death moment (in combat, freak accident, ect.)?
Redditors, what childhood treat/candy/snack did you love the most?
Why am I falling in love with Attack on Titan?
What is something you say you hate but secretly love doing?
Betchy, Green Salad wants Raisins. What do you think?
Identical twins of Reddit: Have you and your twin ever scammed or done a practical joke on anyone by pretending to be the other twin?
Those of you who have accidentally fallen in love with someone you’re not allowed to, what did you do about it/were you able to move on?
For those who have a dietary restriction (allergy, intolerance, diabetes, etc.) is there any food/drink that you ate/drank regardless of the consequences?
McDonald’s employees, what’s something you wish guests knew about the store/food?
What's your favorite food?
Would you drink a “nutrition shake” as a food replacement if it meant that your body couldn’t digest regular food anymore.
why is spam widely loved in hawaii and some other countries whereas it is widely seen as trashy in the usa and other countries?
What irritates you about your SO?
What's your favorite junk food?
What's the worst thing you've ever done in a church?
What song did you love that you had no idea was a remake of an old song?
Fast food employees of reddit, what’s the most outrageous exchange you’ve had with a customer?
What are activities and/or foods that generally cheer sad people up?
What are your favorite happy, feel-good shows/movies to watch while getting over a breakup?
What unexpectedly made you tear up?
What was a moment that you witnessed where the PoTC theme should have played
Men with long hair, what do you do when you get called a woman?
Why are the rules of this subreddit so fucking stupid?
How were you able to find the person stealing your food at work?
What is it like to be in love?
People who work with finances/money, what is the worst case of mismanagement you’ve seen?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the weirdest order you’ve ever had someone come in with?
How did you deal when an ex you really loved started dating someone else?
Human Leagues of Reddit, why don't you want us?
In your opinion is it better to have good food or good friends?
What’s the weirdest question you’ve ever been asked at a job interview?
What food is better heated up then when it's fresh?
What was your “shit I’m falling in love with the wrong person” moment?
Redditors who got married at the registry's office, how was it? Do you have any regrets about not having a "traditional" wedding?
What's the one song that everyone loves but you hate?
What are the strangest smells that you love?
Why do you love life?
What's something you daydream about doing, you think you'd be good at, but you'll still never do?
How can someone feel alive when they just don't feel it?
Why do you think your 'no luck in love' friend has no luck in love?
Do you think that tinder is a good place to find love ?
People who have brothers/sisters, do you love your bros? Why or why not?
What did your parents almost name you instead of your current name?
People who majored in Pre-Law or went to Law School was it worth it? What was your major in college if not Pre-Law?
Should humans stop using plastic completely, or just food packaging to save the planet?
If Dogs are Man's best friend, what is Man's worst enemy?
Reddit, is dabbing still hip?
UK redditors, what we sayin about this years love island then?
On a limousine/ In a limousine
Have you ever seen a "wild man" or feral person?
Whats the craziest case of dumb luck youve ever had?
You can only one specific food item all year, but you'll get all your nutrients regardless of what it is...what do you choose?
Fast food workers, what disgusting things are in the food that most people don't know about?
What did you miss out on when you was younger?
What is your favorite food?
What is the worst injury you've had from one of your pets?
Which subject/class made your life in college a nightmare?
College students of reddit, what’s something you never realized you took advantage of until college?
Is there a connection of fast food and pinworms what is your experience?
What would you do with an extra day off, near Vancouver, Canada?
What is your favorite piece of media, be it video games, movies, books, etc, that you absolutely love and what is so great about it?
Reddit, can you try and ruin different foods for me and other redditors?
What was the worst thing you did as a child?
Parents of reddit, how would you react if your child came out as straight?
Do you have gloves in your glove box? If so, why?
I know there were similar questions, but pardon me, i really need this one. What advice would you give to the 21 year old, struggling with ADHD and not doing so great at college? Apologies again ❤️
Accidentally nicked my penis while shaving, not bleeding, but blood is visible. What should I do??
Whats a tramautic experience that society doesn't understand?
Which food is always better the next day?
Is the time from February 29, 2016 - February 28, 2017 equal to 1 year?
Book/Film lovers of Reddit. What types of personality traits and character development really annoy you in fiction?
What food did you think you would enjoy a lot but ending up disappointed with?
How have you handled being more sexually attracted to an ex than a current partner that you’re in love with?
Those of you who got back with your first/former love, what’s your story?
Parents of Reddit who feed their kids “kid’s menu” type food daily, why?
What is a scent fragrance or smell you love from the opposite sex ?
What do you choose to do when you're bored asf?
A food delivery service claims that only part of your order can be satisfied because they refuse to wait for the other part to be made. It is non-refundable. How would you react?
What do you really love?
I've got a simple one for ya'll: Crocs, or sandals?
What are the weirdest business out there?
What should Reddit Karma be redeemable for?
What would you have to do to become the most loved person ever?
How can I stop sweaty palms without buying any products if that is possible?
Reddit users who are/were first generation college students, what is advice you would give to another first generation student, or something you wish someone had told you?
Men of reddit, what do you think would be the BEST thing about being a woman?
What little quirks does your partner have, which you love about them?
How do you think your life would be different if you had ended up in a relationship with your unrequited love?
What Is the saddest thing that have you done in your Life?
Classicists of reddit, could the people of the ancient world feel or even understand the concept of ‘true love’ in relation to a s/o?
What do you do on intrenet when being drunkk?
Chinese people of reddit, why do Chinese restaurants in western countries call it Chinese food if you believe it's not real Chinese food|
What would you love to do that you know would kill you?
What is the best part about your life right now, and what is the worst? Do they equal each other out?
What's the best example of "You can hate the person but love their work"?
Redditors, what is something you saw/learned in a video game or a TV show that helped you out or saved you IRL?
What's your favorite way to say "I love you" without actually saying it?
What celebrity you used to love but now hate?
[Serious] What's something someone can do/say that will make them earn your immediate trust/love?
Don't know how to approach her, or how to respond? Uninitiated and unrequited lovers of reddit, what (completely unqualified) advice could cure your ailing heart?
What gross food combination do you just LOVE no matter what they say?
Why is it illegal to pay money for your child to go to a nice school? Aren’t colleges for profit industries?
/u/AutoModerator on When you thought that suicide was your last option, what stopped you? Mine was my love for my dogs. I just couldn't leave them.
it was created by someone who transferred from canada to usa,its creators first breakthrough came portraying as a gun violence victim.it is responsible for death of many people in india,a feat only achieved by games till now..what is being talked about??
Why do we love pets?
What is something you avoided for years but once you tried it you absolutely loved it?
What weird food combination, do you really enjoy?
What do you love most about yourself? What do you hate most about yourself?
We all love our families. But do you actually LIKE them?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what chains have an actual "secret" menu option?
What is true love?
Mothers and Fathers of Reddit, What are the most annoying song your toddler watch on YouTube that give you LSS?
Why do people always seem to get more emotional and open at night? Is there psychology behind it or is it something I wouldn’t think of?
People of reddit whats your "this may have been a mistake" food moment? (too spicy, rotten, allergies or sitting in the fridge too long )
How do you (and your pets) keep cool during a heat wave without A/C??
If the earth suddenly lost all electricity what do you think would be the biggest benefit and biggest difficulty?
What motivates you to go on Reddit everyday?
What was the last bite of food food or sip of drink that you consumed?
What’s the most annoying name people name their pets?
[SERIOUS] What is the hardest thing you have ever done?
I’m trying to explain to my parents that because of college tuition, wage stagnation, corporations and inaction of politicians and the political system they’re generation is unfortunately destroying the economy and earth. Apparently I’m “young and stupid” so what evidence can I use to back this up?
Millenials of reddit, what was the silliest thing your college did to appease the students?
Why do companies that are hiring for desk jobs test their new employees for weed (especially in states where it has been legalized)?
What is something you like about your city/town that everyone else dislikes?
What’s more valuable: deep, long term love or new, exciting passion?
[Serious] People of reddit, what hurt you on the inside the most during your life?
What's your go-to food or drink for the common cold?
How should one celebrate his 1y 0d Reddit Anniversary?
If you just found out you will die in 24 hours, drop dead, no pain and only you, what would you do?
What is something you hated but grown to at least tolerate / love ?
What's a kids show that you used to watch that still holds up now that you're an adult?
fast food workers of reddit, what was your single worst customer experience?
What’s something you really want right now?
God decides he could use some help. He picks you, with the luck of the draw, and says you can become a God (this also comes with immortality). You can only be the god of one thing - it can be emotions like love or actual things like water. What do you choose, and why?
What's the best college fight song, and by extension, the best college marching band?
What combination of foods doesn’t taste like it should?
Anyone else remember the muppets singing game?
How far have you gone with TV Tropes?
What video games would you recommend to college students to turn them liberal in regards to sexuality but not full on social justice?
Why have a large number of American college students given up on eating healthy and exercising so they can save the planet?
people of reddit what is the weirdest way someone has turned you on?
Redditors who love their job, what is it and how did you end up where you are now?
How do I deal with unrequited love?
Linguiphiles, what language do you love learning and say a phrase in that language and the translation.
Hairdressers of Reddit, what is the biggest "blunder" you did to someone's hair (while in training or at the job)? And how did you handle the aftermath?
What's the thing you have a love/hate relationship?
Is working fast food as shit as everyone makes it out to be ? Or is it a tight gig
Which will is your:"at the university/college/work everyone knew me for ____" ?
Pro-vaxxers of reddit, what is the worst confrontation you have have had with anti-vaxxers?
What are the ways you show your love/care/affection without making it cheesy?
People of reddit, does anyone ever want to live back in the other era and which era? I would love to try to live in jazz era
How do those posts where the OP clearly has no interest in your answer make you feel?
What your SO did that made you fall in love with them?
Are chicken nuggets just bite sized chicken patties or are chicken patties just big chicken nuggets?
What is your “I love this. Screw my health” food?
At what age you went from ''i hate school'' to ''school and college'' is important?
What's your take on adopting pets from far away rather than from local shelters?
If you are stranded and only have a very limited food supply, is it better to wait until the hunger is unbearable before eating or eat at times you normally would?
Movie theater employees of Reddit: Do you care if people bring in outside food? How do you handle it?
What's one food you wouldn't dare eat in the dark?
How long can a skinny teenager go eating unhealthy food before it becomes worrisome?
If I meet a girl out at a club, bring her home, start getting physical and when we undress I find out she's a dude, get freaked out and ask him/her to leave and they hit me for rejecting them. Is it ok to hit back? Why or why not?
Worst food at a guest house.
Anime watchers of Reddit, Subbed or Dubbed? Why?
How do you respond when someone says I love you?
If you could only watch one TV show, which one would it be?
People who work in mass food factory, what’s a really bad thing you’ve seen in your work that made you think wtf?
Are college and med school different things in USA?
Redditors who are divorced: what was the final straw?
Why do you shave your legs?
Celebrities of Reddit, what do you love the most about being famous? What do you hate the most about it?
What’s a strange pet peeve of yours that drives you crazy?
What is your favourite food?
For people who have actually been in a food fight, how did it start? What was the outcome &amp; punishment? Where did it happen?
You cant feel pain for a full day, what do you do?
What do you think love is?
Does food aggression exist in people too? Why or why not.
Despite never having experienced it before, what was something you immediately recognised as it happened to you?
What's the worst thing that happened to you at college?
Chefs of Reddit, what’s one thing a home-cook can do to bring their food up a notch at home?
People who have eaten at Applebee's, how would you rate the food?
What would you do if a loved one or friend became a karma-whore and wasted a couple of hours each day searching the net for pictures and reddit for repost material?
Do you think taking 5 classes in a freshman year of community college is too much?
Why does it take a lot of taps to open links?
Would you rather spend an evening barhopping the niche restaurant scene in Providence OR spend an evening going to different food trucks and oyster bars in Narragansett? Why?
Frugal folks of Reddit, what do you own that you just can’t get yourself to replace / throw away despite its deplorable condition?
Currently Minecraft is beating Fornite (go look at google trends). What do you think of this?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what SHOULD we order at your restaurant? And why?
What is your favourite quotable line?
What is something you remember seeing on television but now can't find any information about now (mandela effect/clockman search)?
Themed Birthday Parties as a Kid
Whats the most difficult situation you overcame?
What was the worst weather you've driven in?
What is your best “college story”?
People of Reddit, what was your "Better love story than Twilight" Moment?
What's the worst college/ job application you've heard or come across?
Did you know birds prefer bread over regular bird food? When was the last time YOU fed a bird some bread? 🐦🐦🐦♥🍞
Why do I love hooking up with different girls so much?
Reddit: What is your favorite memory with a loved one?
What do you think would be different about modern programming if almost all IDE providers made it so that you both had to pay to use their environment but also that any code you write belongs to them?
People with pets, what is the weirdest thing you have seen them do ?
What's something you didn't expect when you started college?
How do people work full time retail/fast food for 5+ years, and not get terribly burnt out or depressed?
Tattoo Artists of Reddit, What was the trashiest tattoo you've ever done?
What made you fall in love with the person you’re with now?
What is something misunderstood about your race, religion, beliefs, etc?
Democrats and Republicans of Reddit, what is one thing you have heard about the other which turned out not to be true or as farfetched?
Is it okay that you love is abusive and uses you for her needs?
/u/Cheyenne0C's accidental haiku
What are some of your daily (or weekly) go-to foods?
What is a weird food combination that you love?
Is it rude to bad mouth bad food at a restaurant while waitresses/chefs are close enough to hear it?
Why do people assume just because you love a hobby (esp if you excel at it in amateur levels), that you will love doing it for a living? Has anyone found out how hard the pro leagues can be the hard way? Do you have examples to share (such as attempting to join the NBA)?
What do you wonder about?
What are your unconventional food combinations?
(Serious) What was something that happened recently that made you feel terrible?
what is your favorite food to cook and to eat?
Why do colleges force you to waste time and money on irrelevant elective classes?
How many times have you genuinely fallen in love so far?
Reddit, what does it actually FEEL like when you’re attracted/ in love with someone? [SERIOUS]
What is one thing you hated as a child, but love now???
What's the name of the style of doc martens that everyone seems to be wearing right now?
Identical twins of reddit, what is the most annoying thing that's happened to you because you were mistaken for your sibling?
MMORPG players of Reddit, who was the most renowned or richest player in your game/server and why?
College attending folks, or those that have attended college, what do you wish someone would have told you prior to starting college?
What is something you do to help you regain motivation for something you used to love doing?
If you can talk to anyone for 30 min... What will be your choice?
How to deal with unrequited love?
What is something about life that makes you really mad?
Pet owners of reddit what are your oh s*** my dog f***ing ran away moments
BBQ Connisours. Beyond the usual meats, what are some interesting food options for summer grilling?
Cheesecake Factory workers of Reddit, how fresh is the food?
What’s your go to “I’m depressed” food?
What is the most wildly overrated thing in your opinion?
What is your favorite weird food combo (ex. Carrot chips and salt)?
Reddit, What's a movie everyone else loves that you hate?
Dear Redditors, time for some self-love: what do you like most about yourself?
Post-college adults, what do you do with your life if you don’t know what career you want?
What will you do on the day pets finally stop being treated as slaves and rise up to destroy their oppressors?
What movie did you love as a kid that does not hold up now?
Whats your strange/weird food addiction?
What is your amazing, seemingly strange food combo that society rejects?
If you had a button that would kill everyone who has committed atrocious crimes, would you do it? Why or why not?
What is one moral value that you appreciate from the opposite political party that you hold?
In Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs, food fell form the sky. What food would you wish for to fall from the sky
Question for all the genders out there. Have you ever made a sextoy (dildos etc.) out of long lasting matrials like wood or metal and not out of temporary materials like food?
What obscure food tip sounds preposterous, but makes food hella better
Men who are a bit "well endowed" down there, how do you
What's your best job quitting story?
What is your favorite food that you eat all when there is nothing else included?
[SERIOUS] What is a good idea if you have fallen in love with someone, who is in a relationship,and you cant fall out of love? Be creative.
Christian people of Reddit (no offense to anyone), why does God put people through emotional pain when a loved one dies?
What helped you get through college?
A wholesome story you remember and love about your parents or guardians
What is the most unorthodox food combination that actually tastes good?
What was the worst food you have ever tasted?
Boxer and box brief enthusiasts of Reddit, how do you wear it? Above the waist of your pants, below, or under it?
What is a question you wish you had never asked on r/AskReddit?
What is love?
mexicans of reddit, why are you parasites invading the usa?
Literature lovers of reddit, what's a small gem that flies under the radar but you regard as a masterpiece?
If Joe Rogan was to host a podcast with one representative from each generation (Z, Millenial, X, Baby Boom, Silent, Greatest), who would you want to represent each generation and why?
You have to have sex with a different person everyday for the rest of your life, if you fail everybody you know and love will die, what is your strategy?
Family members and pets aside, what is the first thing you save in the event of your house catching fire?
What are some high paying jobs that highschool graduates could achieve by little to zero college? (Non university)
People in Ardingly college in UK, how was Suhana Khan like ?
Who else sniffs their fingers after rubbing their balls?
Redditors who live in the US, how much worse would wages, hours, working conditions, health care, and education have to become, before you decided it wasn't the best country for you?
What's something you hated as a kid but now love as an adult?
If the world was way too overpopulated and the food supply was way to low to feed everyone and you had the power to kill half the population would you do it?( if you did not humans would go extinct )?
The summer before university/college what are some important things to focus on in life in general and also at this stage ?
Are raffles always rigged so that the organisation alwats wins and what different ways to people fix the raffles?
What's an example of the difference between lust and love?
What is your favorite food?
What’s everyone’s military experience? Share the experience and love brothers
What is the best scent for your bedroom?
Is love just another fantasy or does it really happen?
TIFU by confusing my cake day with my actual birthday.
What is the best tasting food you've ever had?
Reddit, what is your ultimate comfort food?
How do you learn to accept that you’ll never find love?
Is there anything more valuable than love
Is there any sub out here where you can put a meme's statement and the sub turns it into an actual meme?
Anyone who lost a loved one in the hospital. What did the medical staff do right or wrong during end of life care?
What food in your country is a must try for foreigners?
How scripted are reality tv programmes like love island?
LGBT humans of reddit, what is it that you want us ignorant people to know and understand?
If you had a magical coin that can summon any coin that existed what would it be and why?
Weebs of Reddit, what is your most favorite OP/ED that you'll never get tired listening to?
What type of food do you hate? Can you describe what it taste like?
What are simple food or snacks you always find yourself craving?
What do you tell someone who’s having a bad day?
What is your favorite memory with one of your parents?
Do you believe in love at first site? Why? or why not?
What is the weirdest food or food combination that you shamelessy enjoy?
If Keanu Reeves showed up at your door wounded, what is the first thing you would do?
What exercise do you love doing in gym 🏋️ ?
married people of reddit, did you have "love at first sight" upon meeting your spouse?
What is a conspiracy theory about your favorite childhood show that really just gave you the heeby jeebies while reading?
What are some free time activities to do with family? No computers, smartphones and other similar devices allowed.
/u/AutoModerator on What food should I absolutely try if I visit your country ?
People of reddit, what are your crazy food fight stories?
Pet owners of reddit, adopting a dog bothers two cats at home? I have 2 lovely cats. (Female &amp; Male). They are very close to each other like brother and sister. Sometimes even like a couple. I hope to adopt a puppy. Do you think it would bother them? I am not sure how they feel about it.
What's the worst city/town you've ever lived in, and why?
At what point is it acceptable to let my spouse know that I am actually a penguin wearing a human suit?
Is there any YouTube video that has over 1 million likes, and less than 10k dislikes?
Chefs and food workers of Reddit: What’s the biggest fuckup you’ve done on a customer’s order and how did you fix it?
Child [/sexual] abuse victims: do you struggle recognising when someone shows genuine love towards you?
What’s a common food you ate somewhere that was SO GOOD that you couldn’t eat it anywhere else after
What is your favorite love song?
What will you fill in here, " I'll definitely put down my mobile after __________." ?
If your pets could talk, what do you imagine their voice would sound like?
In your opinion, what foods smell really really good but taste really really bad and vice versa?
Can atheist/buddhist be in relationship with christian?
Women of Reddit, why do you love popping mens zits especially on our backs?
What is something everyone loves but you don't?
Which is the most underrated TV Series of 2019?
If our brain function is powered by electricity and food/oxygen are fuel, what is our generator?
Why are western Europeans who love the idea of diversification so oblivious to how it could potentially ruin the lives of future generations of white Europeans?
What made you suddenly fall in love with dude-like girls?
What would it take to start up a college or university?
Uber Eats/Postmates/Other Rideshare food service drivers, what’s the weirdest delivery request you’ve received?
Cereal lovers: What is the best cereal? Do you add anything, like dried fruit?
College professors of Reddit, what are some things that keep intellectual students from getting into college?
What is a food you used to love but can no longer eat because of a gross and or traumatic experience? What happened?
Why do we still buy into the PSAT/SAT/ACT if earning college degrees involve critical thinking over rote memorization?
People who have vowed to stay single forever (due to previous relationships or just single since the start), yet found someone to love and cherish, what made you break that vow? And how did that change your life?
Who is the worst person you've ever had to deal with? Why?
What is a problem you would love to solve right now?
What is the most "exotic" food you've ever tried AND loved?
Looking for answers for my college research report. Can you help answer (questions included within)?
Reddit, what are the weird foods/recipes you eat? Not particularly cultural, but what your family or group eats that you dont see in restaurants?
Redditors who have gotten cocky at an Indian restaurant and ordered "extra spicy" food, what is your story?
What is mildly annoying things you love to do?
[Serious] What are some of your best tips for a first day at a new job?
How do you know when you’re in love?
What’s the best way to reassure a loved one who is embarrassed by a temporary disfigurement (cold sore, broken tooth, etc)?
What if there was a technology that could turn off cameras?
"Books are the best weapons. Therefore, we should ban libraries from schools." What are the most stupid yet somehow possible rules we could have in the future?
What do/did you most enjoy and regret about your college days?
What would happen if all college graduates decided cold turkey to not pay their student loans? Is this possible?
What story do you have where you witnessed someone doing something heroic with absolutely no fear?
Tech supporters of Reddit, what’s the dumbest reason you were called for?
What is your favorite food?
[Serious] People who’ve worked at used bookstores: what are your best stories about the job?
What’s something you’ll tolerate from a loved one, but will fight a motherfucker you don’t like over?
Has someone pulled the vanishing act on you(someone is near you and when you look away for a few and look back they are gone)?
People 25+, tell about your first and at the same time last day at work
What's your weird Barber shop experience?
Custodians of Reddit, what's your grossest story?
Fast food employees of reddit, What is the worst thing you have seen a customer do?
Im dating someone 10 years older than me, can you tell your experencies in dating someone older than you? Did it worked out?
When I eat cheese, nuts, and grapes together as a snack in makes me feel like a wealthy lord from the anceint greek era, what food gives you an outer body experience?
Reddit, wich were the last words someone you love said? how did it affect your life?
If your pets could suddenly talk and were reasonably smart, what's the first thing you'd ask them?
Is it ok to look up a tinder match on a college directory ?
I convinced my sister to get a reddit because she loves the memes i send her, she has a somewhat edgy sense of humor but is previously an instagram normie for memes, what are some good starter subs for her?
Women of reddit, how happy would you be if your boyfriend(s) came to your house with homemade food?
Why do we love dogs, eat pigs and wear cows?
People of Reddit, what is the best fast food chain, or what’s the worst fast food chain? Why?
You're 24, No college, just realized your job might be a dead end. What do you do?
How did you accept the past of your partner today?
If you could bring back any discontinued food item, what would you choose?
We love to rag on The US for stupid stuff they do, but what is dumb about your country?
Ex lovers of Reddit what was the craziest or weirdest thing your Ex did that made you brake up with them?
What is something that will always cheer you up?
How did you cope with the loss of a loved one to suicide?
Nature photographers of Reddit why do you edit your photos so much that it doesn't look natural?
What is the best piece of news you got to tell someone?
If you were going to die, what would your last meal be?
Exotic pet owners of reddit what exotic pets you have and why?
If you could meet 3 celebrities who would they be?
Travelers of Reddit, what is the most underrated city?
What is your favorite food that’s tastes even better after eating is as leftovers?
What would be the best part about being the other gender?
What “weird” food combination do you enjoy?
What word did you recently find out you've been using incorrectly all your life?
What did you have to learn the hard way when it comes to choosing a partner or spouse? What can others learn from your experience?
What would be a funny online review to leave for the place I work?
What little quirks of your SO do you love?
What food concoction did you come up with as a kid that backfired?
What are the common kids foods in your country?
What defines "processed food" and is it inherently less healthy
What mistake did you successfully pass off as having intended it all along?
Would you rather never have someone love you romantically or never have sex?
What do you love about your country and what do you hate about your country?
You have a chance to reborn, and can keep 1 thing (skill, knowledge etc.) with you. What would it be?
Do you love or hate your name? And why?
What’s the most important thing you’ve learned from the death of someone loved?
Guys of ARAD, how does post-nut clarity affect you when you have sex with someone?
What’s the nicest thing a homeless person has ever done for you?
What movie did you expect to hate but absolutely loved after seeing it?
Do you prefer sour food or spicy foods? What is the max you can take for each?
[Serious] What do you feel where the line is between contacting legal authorities vs a individuals rights should be? The Murray case began my thoughts. I was in pest control for 10 years. Some may disagree, we do take action, but are incredibly protective of your rights.
People who never went to college/university, why?
Although we all love Reddit, what is one thing you hate about Reddit?
How did you make it through college with zero debt?
What completely everyday thing made you realize you were head over heels in love?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to say but couldn’t find the appropriate context to?
What's one food you like that everybody else thinks is disgusting?
It has been 10 years since Michael Jackson died. Can you remember where you were when you heard the news?
I'm a novice screen writer, and I've got my first Pitch Meeting tomorrow... I guess it's gonna be hard, is it?
Female lovers if reddit, what was the most shocking thing a female has ever done in front of you?
Can anyone send me a nice poster idea with ironman and the quote "I love you 3000" on it?
What’s the best low quality food you’ve ever had?
To the cat lovers of reddit, why not dogs (vice versa)?
How do you resist junk food cravings?
What do you consider not lady like?
What’s your local food that you hate?
People of this subreddit who have cheated on their SO when you loved them &amp; everything was relatively perfect, what were your reasons? How did everything end up?
Besides your pets and loved ones, what would you try and save if your house was on fire?
What’s the most grossest food out there?
Who was the first “loved one” you lost? What was their name? What were they like? How are you handling it today?
You can only eat fast food for the rest of your life. What restaurant would you choose and why?
What, thanks for all the love on these recent questions, love you all ?
Who is the happiest person in the world? A redditor? A twitter? A youtuber? A facebooker? A cave man?
How do you feel about a perfume that smells like a vulva?
How do you know when to just give up in love?
Perverts on reddit, what's your secret kink?
What had a greater chance of happening: the LAPD framing OJ Simpson or Charles Manson having total control over his followers?
What is your best example of "You'll miss it when it's gone"?
Men of reddit who send unsollicited dickpics, why? Has that ever worked out?
Does any one else love the song permanent high school by the Voidz?
What's your middle school love story?
does love have a price tag? why or why not?
What's a food everyone in your family loves so you were shocked when you found out some people in the outside world hate it?
What's the most common question in this subreddit?
You press a button, and the thing you hate the most disappears, but the thing you love the most also disappear. Would you do it?
[Serious] what is your favorite food?
What song do you love tapping your pencil to during class or work?
/u/AutoModerator on (Serious) People who have or had depression, what was one of the ways that helped you cope with your disability and how did you over come it
Do you like seafood? And why?
[Serious]Redditors of Reddit, Is Reddit Reddit?
What terrible smell do you happen to love?
What is something from your childhood, that you loved, that kids today don't have?
I bought to my son five figure vinyl famous (Avengers endgame) at a very satisfactory price for his birthday, would he love them?
What’s your “I’m really drunk and I’m hungry” food?
For all college students what made you realize that this is nothing like high school?
What was that one food that you said you were allergic to when you were younger?
I'm going to major in marketing for a college degree. What can I do with a marketing degree? Do you like/love your job?
People of Reddit, what do you consider a best friend?
[SERIOUS] what is your favourite love song?
What was your favorite food growing up vs your favorite food as a "grown up?"
What’s the best duet love song? I’m
What dead websites do you still visit to see if it's still up?
What was the moment that you realized you were in love or that you loved your significant other?
What do you love the most about the world?
Weirdest compliment you've ever been given?
All your pets suddenly turn feral for 12 hours . What do you do to defend yourself and survive?
[serious] Should scientific progress be limited by morality (religion)?
People of Reddit..what do you think about lip fillers? I’ve never had them and my boyfriend thinks they look absolutely ridiculous. Do you think they look good or bad?
Have you ever hurt someone you loved on purpose?
How did it feel like when you realized your very first love was just a bet of your ex?
People in Louisiana, do you love it or loathe it here?
Coping with the loss of a loved one.
What's your story of winning/losing the food lottery?
What common/ widely disliked food do you like?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what’s your funniest work story?
Which foods have the highest calorie to cost ratio?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen in a public bathroom.
What is something that has no business being as good as it is?
What feels better than unrequited love?
I can't access to any subreddit, what do I do now?
What is your, "nails on the chalk board"?
Why are traffic lights never being changed?
What is the funniest/weirdest nickname a SO gave to your private parts?
What are some high paying jobs that Highschool Graduates could achieve with little to no college?
What was your original major in college, and did it change before you graduated?
What is something highly offensive or inappropriate you’re dying to ask someone you know but haven’t?
People who have been through comas, how was it?
Why are many college students who are politically extreme obese?
[Workers in fast food] What do you recommend never to buy?
You are the president of the united states, what federal holiday are you creating?
What would be an easy and efficient way to deliver food on-demand on a large university campus?
Do you people see Humanoid shadow figures at end of your eyesight?
I need some help, I'm starving right now, can't sleep, at 12:06 AM, I'd love to get some food but don't wanna be more chubby or gain any weight, what should I do?
What’s a rule you hated as a child but now love?
What’s the most shameful/obscure food you love to eat in private?
What is your favorite “poor people” food
People who work in the claims department of health insurance companies, what is it like to deny a claim even though it may help the quality of life on the patient or even make them love longer?
People in the food industry: How many times do servers/cooks mess with rude customers’ food?
Lesbians
Fast food employees/ ex employees of Reddit, what is the nastiest thing you’ve seen happen at your store? (I work at Starbucks and I’ve seen coworkers not rinse the blenders after making several different kinds of drinks in them)
Guidance Counselors of Reddit . What is your best way to tell a student he or she should apply for a trade rather than college ?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods, that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you presented with food from a Western cuisine?
What’s a food combination you created that you still use?
How do you make friends?
Redditers why is their only 89,288 redditers on r/AskReddit online right now ?
What's the stupidest way you've gotten hurt?
What food is the king of the desert category?
What food would you like to eat, before your execution?
Who is your favourite actor/actress and when did you start to love them?
We all love our pets, but what has been the biggest "you little brat" thing your pet has done?
What is your favorite college memory?
Tall people, what do you see with your elven eyes?
What food do you love that other peole find disgusting?
What is the best food served at your favorite local restaurant that you can't find anywhere else?
Why some people feel lonely, even when they have close friends and loved ones?
What was your favorite video game/activity as a child?
What was something you originally hated but now like or even love?
How did you improve your dating life?
Why should I pee in the sink?
What is your go-to breakfast food?
Everyone's life seems to be going downhill. In what way is your life going uphill?
Redditors , what is the best pillow one can have ?
What's one food item you have never had a bad serving of?
Why do OCD people keep counting and when does that stop?
What's your favorite seafood?
What are your favorite things to do in Truth or Dare?
Have you ever wondered why humans love music so much?
What's the nicest thing a parent, teacher or other adult did in your childhood that you'll never forget? Not necessarily providing food, shelter and clothing, but a statement, compliment or action that helped you feel better about yourself or your life?
What would be the most fucked up food to eat while taking a shit?
What is love?
Help
What discontinued famous fast food chain item do you wish you could bring back?
What's the weirdest google search you actually have a reason for looking it up.
What's your "We'll always love each other but we'll never be together" story? [Serious]
Which movie did you like a lot more than the general audience and why?
What is something people on Tinder need to stop saying whether it be their bio or conversation?
What is the most coincidental thing that you remember happening to you, or someone close to you?
I'm going to be a junior in high school in the fall and college related things, sat studying, and future career decisions are ramping up for me. When I think about it all I get really overwhelmed and just waste time on youtube. How do I be productive within reason and not get overwhelmed?
What's your favorite food?
What's your favourite food combo?
[Serious] Recovering addicts, when did you realize you needed to get clean?
My favorite love story is sleepless in Seattle. How do I make girls fall for me if I’m poor?
People who switched majors in college, what did you start with and what did you switch to? Do you have any regrets?
Celebrities of Reddit, what made you famous?
what should I do tomorrow? I have the day free, and the weather is supposed to be kinda crap,and I need something to keep me busy?
What's the one thing you love doing when you're alone- but would never do when you're with people?
If you were to switch places with one of your pets for a day, what would you day be like?
What’s your favorite video from when YouTube was still a baby?
Do you think you are an interesting person? Why or why not?
What are food fights like?
Bobs or vegana?
How did you accept the person you loved the most didn’t love you back the same way?
Edgelords of Reddit, what made you edgy and why?
Is it possible that the person you missed your chance with was the best possible lover for you and you're never going to meet anyone as good? Why? Why not?
What little known songs, movies, tv shows, stories, and/or works of art do you wish more people knew about (also specify genre: horror, trap-pop, dadaism, etc.)?
Have you been close to death? How did it happen? How did you survive?
If all ur loved ones were killed by a drunk driver and you survived the crash, but were slowly dying, would you kill the drunk driver?
What job do you have which everyone would love to have?
What have you said (funny, heartwarming, weird) when going under (or) waking up from surgery?
Redditors who are in a wheelchair, how do you feel about the family guy character Joe Swanson?
What’s a crazy love story you’ve had?
Which dog breed is the best and why?
Does a Chinese phone with a global rom work like the international version?
What is the weirdest thing you do, you don't even notice doing?
What food always gives you Diarrhea, but you eat it anyway?
Where are you from? Why do you love your country? And why do you hate it?
What food are you currently craving?
Reddit: What are three things you would like to accomplish within your lifetime?
What is the one thing that still makes you cringe about your childhood?
Is there anything you did not like it before, and now you love it because of some incident?
If your partner changes and it is not who you used to love, would you continue with her for not having anyone else and believe that she will be the same again?
What is one path in your lofe that you wish you went down diffrently?
Redditors over 30, what is one thing that you still regret doing in your 20's?
What makes Keanu Reeves so loved on the internet?
What personality traits impress you the most?
What's love got to do with it Reddit?
What's you're favorite love song and why?
Retail or food service workers what is the weirdest thing that’s happened at your place of work ?
Hey Redditors, what’s the best way to get over a guy that you love?
You recieve a button that when pressed, 10,000 pokemon inside of pokeballs randomly appear in the world (excluding legendaries/mythicals). Do you press it?
If your pet is named after a food, what food and does he/she like to eat it?
If you were a celebrity, what must have food or drinks would you want in your dressing room?
Which straight Redditors have come out to their parents/friends/loved ones just to see the reaction, and how did it go?
Childless people of Reddit, do you ever regret not having children?
What did your parents have to force you to eat as a kid?
What’s one thing you used to love but absolutely hate now? On the other hand, what’s something you used to hate but love now?
What underrated song do you love?
Father's Day is tomorrow, what are you planning to do for your beloved father?
People in landlocked countries and people in island countries, what do you hate and love the most about your country's geography?
What is the worst thing you have seen someone do in an attempt to get high/drunk?
To college students, what are some things y’all do to pass time during the summer?
How would you train for a slapping tournament?
Whats the grossest state you've ever seen a fast food restaurant in?
What is something seemingly insignificant and mundane, yet just makes your day instantly better?
Dear redditors who work in customer service (i.e. retail, fast food, ect) what are some of things that make you want to punch a customer in the face when they say/do something?
Where is the_donald???
Why do we still buy into the PSAT/SAT/ACT if earning college degrees involve creative thinking over bubbling in A,B,C, D and etc?
Sandwich lovers of reddit, Which is your favorite/go to filling?
Redditors who've had fast food (ie. McDonald's) in another country, how does it compare to back home?
People who loves vegetables, why do you find it delicious?
WE CAN'T GIVE JON WOLF MORE IDEAS
What sounds smart until you really take time to think about it?
What are some of the best unexpected bangers that you love to listen to?
Girls who like to call your lover "Daddy " , Why ?
Why does one find being alone in nature cathartic?
Hey guys we our team work for an application show latest movies whith best quality and we published today, need some advice like is it our app good ? and is it our app have a nice designe ? and this is the link of our app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.showhdmoviebox ?
Why is my Canon printer showing error b200 mx870?
Which Trope in Movies/TV shows is seriously overdone, but you still love it?
What's your vice and why do you love or hate it?
Pet owners: If you knew that sacrificing your pet would save a random strangers life, would you do it? Why or why not?
What subreddits are you banned from and why?
Asians of redit, do you find the word "Chink" offensive?
With the anniversary of the Battle of Normandy coming up (and because my beloved grandpa fought in WWII): People of Reddit, what impact did WWII have on your family?
Redditors, tell us that one crazy story you and your friends love to reminisce over
Describe love in one word?
People who went to college was it worth it?
All my life only my parents communicate with me, what should I do with it?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was your "I don't get paid enough for this" moment?
What are some of the weirdest foods you have eaten?
People of Reddit, how hard is it to access the dark web and how could a person get there?
Gamers of Reddit, what’s a popular game that everyone loves that you do not see the appeal of?
Bean lovers of reddit, what’s your favorite kind of bean?
People outside of Massachusetts, what are stereotypes you have given the state/ people?
For White people used to eating sweet foods that Eastern palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like Indonesia, Egypt, Asia or Eastern Europe?
Older people of Reddit, if you could go back in time and tell yourself knowledge what would it be?
What fast food place has underappreciated shakes?
I love watermelons, do you?
What is the food that you know is horrible for you, but you can’t bring yourself to stop eating?
Grads and drop outs, how was your college/university experience?
Fastfood workers of reddit what should we not order from your restaurant?
Would it be inappropriate if I was to skip out from my son’s birthday party to masturbate?
Professional women - how did you break the glass ceiling?
What are your feeling on not having children?
Former drug dealers of reddit, besides legal reasons what made you become former drug dealers?
Redditors who love to use excel, what is one cool thing you use it for?
Chinese people of reddit, why do Chinese restaurants in western countries call it Chinese food if you believe it's not real Chinese food?
What’s something everyone else seems to love that you just don’t get?
Guys of reddit, how did you know you were in love?
What would be the best college advice to give someone struggling with grades?
How important is someone's food preference(vegan or non-vegan) before starting a relationship?
Programmers of Reddit, what helpful advise can you give to someone who's new to programming?
What is your wildest "what was I thinking" moment?
Working adults of Reddit, is having a job you love doing more important than how much it pays?
Who is the person you look up to and why?
When is the least appropriate time to tell someone that you love them?
What's the worst fast food experience you've ever had?
Non Americans, what's one food of ours (i.e. hamburger maybe idk) that you don't have access to in your country, and why?
Food Brokers of Reddit; What are some private label food products (i.e. "store brand) that is actually a "name brand" company product?
What is the weirdest combination of food you or someone you know has ever tried?
Fast food/ retail workers, what is the weirdest order you got?
Professionals of Reddit, how did you find what you wanted to do when you "grow up?" It is often difficult for college students to choose a major because they don't know what they want to do. Any tips you want to share?
Is there a sub where I can post my appreciation for Reddit? I've recently made an account &amp; haven fallen in love.
People of Reddit, what was one fun thing you used to do as a kid but got in trouble for doing?
What do you think of the Pedosexual/Clovergender movement? pedophilia or sexuality?
What is that one song you hate but can't stop playing it?
Describe yourself only using food dishes?
People who are in love right now: do you relate to love songs and stories? Why or why not?
Have you ever messed up so bad your life changed completely? Or someone you know?
Is there an easier way to torture midgets?
If somebody u know and love turns into a zombie, would u shoot/kill them?
Alright you fucks so there’s this iOS game called Cartoon Wars : Gunner and I fucking loved it, but it’s only for iOS 7 and I can’t play it on my new phone.. is there anyway I can download it onto my new phone (iPhone xr) or does anyone know a game like it?
[Serious] What is something you tolerate, like, and love about yourself?
What is the best/worst case of karma you have ever experienced?
People that chose career/ideals/dreams over love (like Thanos) what did it actually cost you? Do you regret your decisions?
What is true love does it exists?
You're a famous person being interviewed in a major talkshow. People are allowed to tweet in and ask questions. A small child you reminds you of yourself tweets "I love your work, and you're my hero! Sometimes in life, I get sad. What do you when you're sad?" How do you respond live on the air?
what is something that you should’ve felt mad/sad/happy about but you didn’t?
What are some of your crazy food combinations that surprisingly taste great?
Past and present fast food workers, what happened behind the counters that made you stop eating there?
If you were large enough to eat the Earth like food, what would it taste like? What would the other planets taste like?
Scientists of Reddit, what is an exciting yet obscure development in your field that you would love to share?
How often do you get food delivered? Favorite restaurant to order from?
Is a chick thats been too college hotter than a chick thats been to prison?
[Serious]What was the moment you realized you loved your s/o and wanted to marry them?
[Serious] What is the difference between love and lust?
Do you have any pets? If so, what are they like?
African Americans (DOS) of Reddit, would you go back and prevent slavery if it meant that you were either 1) Not born at all or 2) Born in Africa not America. ?
Would you rather be in love with someone that doesn't love you back, or be loved by someone you don't love in return?
Current and ex- teacher’s pets of reddit, what’s your best trick?
What was the most stressful thing you were forced to do while high on pot?
What were one of your best/worst “I take it back” moments?
People of reddit that have pets and share a bed/room with said pets, what's the drill when it gets "hot n steamy"? Do you evict your beloved or just leave them be ?
What is a food you simply adore yet it makes you sick after eating it?
My Italian friend develops near-murderous tendencies when traditional Italian food is 'bastardized'. What're some ways to mess with the cuisine for laughs?
Now i’m quite sad I just to be more sadder.
Have you ever been blocked by a celebrity? Why?
What's the biggest lie you've had to make up and why?
What movie character would you be?
Reddit, what is the most satisfying food?
Alright Reddit, who is THAT person at your work?
What food do you love that most people can’t stand?
what is one song you think everyone should listen to from beginning to end AT LEAST once in their life?
Reddit foodies: What’s a good combination or snack you prepare which is weird but you love?
[Serious] How do you know when you've fallen out of love with your significant other?
What's a traditional food in your country?
What celebrity would you love to get intimate with?
What non-sexual skill is a good indicator of sexual skill?
What's your opinion on school food?
When did you take a risk - did it pay off?
My girlfriend no longer attracts me physically but I love her. What should I do?
What's a weird food combo you like that others will find strange?
If you have a metal detector, what is the most interesting thing you have found?
If you were to survive a zombie apocalypse with only the food in your pantry and fridge, how many days would you survive?
What got you admitted to the psychiatric hospital?
Why do some people actually like love island?
What is that one thing you want to do it and in the next second you don't mind dying, other than love?
What to do when you get dropped out of college
What is the most suspicious question one can ask on Google, knowing that NSA views such questions?
Current or former fast food employees of Reddit, what did you like most about the place you worked?
People of reddit what's something you're partner loves to do while having sex but you hate?
Have you ever said something about someone in a language you thought they couldn’t understand but he/she actually did? Or vice versa? What did you or he/she say?
When did you give or receive an otherwise typical response that seemed "off" -- such as an odd time to say "thank you", "you're welcome", "I love you", "you too", or whatever?
Do you like interacting with fellow Redditors? If so, why?
I love you 3000 &lt;3
[Serious] When and how did you fall in love for the first time?
How do you feel about being with a virgin or someone saving their virginity? Is it kind of a turn off for you?
Who would you love to bitchslap?
What's your personal favorite food combination you absolutely love, but would never eat around friends/family over fears that they would judge you or be disgusted?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what advice would you give to someone who is worried about never finding love again?
What food tastes better as a microwaved leftover than when first cooked?
People of Reddit, what is something you love but everyone else hates?
Do fast food places have secret menus? Or is it a myth?
What food should one never microwave in the office?
Wealthy people of reddit: We all know money can't buy love but what are the other things you've not been able to buy?
911/999/Emergency dispatchers of Reddit, what is the weirdest call you’ve ever recieved?
[SERIOUS] Hey college graduates of reddit, and what are some courses\ majors that no one thinks about?
Multilinguals of Reddit, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
How do you deal with the "sentimental lost" of someone loved, for example, people you trusted in the past?
What is a weird/wacky food combination which you love that everyone else despises?
What's something weird/funny/interesting your pets do?
What's the most elaborate lie you've been caught in?
What movie do you watch and enjoy every time you put it on?
What was something you didn’t like a lot as a kid but love it more as you’re older?
Why is every one replying beans to posts?
What does your ideal after-work kickback/relaxing look like?
Pet owners of reddit, I'm having a bad day, could you please write about something cute that your pets did ?
People that got together with an ex, what's your history?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious] Pizza delivery men/women, what's the scariest thing that has happen to you while delivering food?
What’s a product you love that is made from a company you absolutely hate?
What “TIFU” post made you realize your own “TIFU”?
Reddit, what is the worst thing you've had to put up with as roommates during college ?
Do you think it's OK to flirt with other people when you're around the person you're "in love" with
Students of Reddit, what was the most entertaining fight at school and what was the cause of it?
vaccines are good for you. do you think so?
What do you do when you've got plenty of love to give and there's no one to shower it upon?
Who here loves poultry days chicken?
What do you love the most about your best friend?
Fast food employees of reddit; what are the things that piss you off the most at work?
Economically, relevant to the era of construction, hypothetically how much would Stonehenge have ‘cost’ to construct?
What's the point of life imprisonment?
Parents of Reddit, are kids worth it? Or do you claim to love having kids to get others to feel your pain?
What damn fast food commercial just came on.... and now you want?
What other writing focused subreddits are out there other than r/HFY?
What is a song makes you think of your first love and is it in a happy way or a sad way?
What’s the best life lesson that came from your parents?
What one food makes you feel great inside/healthiest?
Movie Theater Employees of Reddit: What is the oddest food that you caught someone sneak in to a movie?
What foods are easy and quick to make, cheap, healthy, and well balanced?
What’s the best toilet paper?
Redditors - What is your most recent "Why the hell did I do that?" Moment
What food would you buy if it was the only food you could ever eat?
What's a food combination you thought was horrible but ended up being quite good?
What unusual combination of food did you actually enjoy?
What was your high school/college or university scandal?
What is your dream video game? (plot, creators, characters, etc)
What is your best "my parents are going to kill me" story?
What was the worst butchering of a food name you have ever heard.
Whats your special food creation / combination that everyone should try.
What pets can live in a 10 gallon tank? I'm looking for anything aside from fish that I could keep in a 10 gallon tank for at least a year or two, if not life. Any suggestions?
Has your cultural beliefs stopped u from having a relationship with someone? Describe the situation if u can.
What food do you wish you could cook like a world-class chef?
What food item do you associate with a specific month?
Fast food workers, what’s an item people should never order from your restaurant?
Chefs of reddit; how do you decide when to start making what so that all of the food is done at the same time?
In the late 1980's, the Ninja Turtles mentioned many weird pizza toppings, such as "Peanut Butter, Salami and Yogurt" together on a pizza. (Personally, I enjoy take out Chinese food like Sesame Chicken on pizza.) What are some weird toppings that you have either tried or heard of for pizza?
Nature lovers of Reddit, what is the most fascinating, weirdest, or scariest natural phenomenon you've experienced?
What foods would you not like to eat as a child but like to eat now?
People who work in an office and microwave fish/shellfish/seafood at work. Why do you find it acceptable to make the office smell like low tide?
As a kid, what fictional character did you have a crush on?
What's a weird thing you like/need to do all the time that other people wouldn't miss?
What's something you used to love doing that was ruined for you? How was it ruined?
This Thread will probably violate rule 9 but what's your favorite ASCII/ UNICODE ART?
What was a loophole that you fully took advantage of?
What should be the focus of the next Presidential election in 2020?
How did you find out a loved one was a drug addict? How did they react when you confronted or tried to help them?
Which foods have the best and worst prep effort:taste ratio?
LGBTQ+ of reddit, what helped you realize?
What are some stereotypical foods from your country that didn't actually originate there?
People of Reddit who love and accept themselves, how did you accomplish that?
Sweet/Candy lovers, what kind of M&amp;M‘s is the best?
Gentlemen and gentlewomen of Reddit, what food would you most likely fuck? Why?
what is love island all about?
What are the best college courses and apprenticeships for students with low to mid range grades?
Adults of Reddit, what’s your advise for kids learning to drive?
People of reddit who have punched someone in the face, what did they do to deserve it?
What things do americans do with food that other countries don't?
Those of you, who love or hate your given name, why do you love/hate it?
Whats a food/drink you’ve tried once and will never try again?
If you were in a plain crash and your best friend was with you and died, as days passed you needed food, you found a snake that would keep you going for 7 days but it had 20% chance of poisoning you.Then you had your friend whos meat would last for a month and was safe to eat. Whos meat would u eat?
You can now legally kill somebody, but suicide is illegal and will get your family executed. Who do you choose?
People of reddit who visit other people's homes on their job. What is the most weirdest thing you have seen?
Whats one food you wanted to stop eating but keep coming back too?
What would it take for “the internet” to be handled like a regular utility such as the gas or electric company - pay for usage and not a flat fee like it is now?
Non-vegetarian, pet lovers of reddit, why you can't see anything wrong happening to one type of animals while you have no problems with killing and eating other type of animals? Isn't this hypocrisy?
What's the scariest situation you've ever accidentally stumbled into?
What's something you cannot stand but everyone else seems to love? Or vice versa, What do you love but everyone else hates?
Why do most vegans food look a lot like real meat?
my question to all. would yall rather get fucked by mordecai(he sticks it into you) or you fuck rigby(you stick it into him)?
Entertainers of Reddit, are college campuses truly no longer worth playing?
What's the worst sounding food combo that actually tastes amazing?
What's the weirdest thing that's happened in the boys changing rooms or things girls wouldn't expect?
Which food have you lost your faith in?
What is the most versatile food we eat?
What is the best food to find in the fridge at 3AM?
Mechanics of reddit, what could it mean when a car suddenly powers up?
So Who is your favorite celebrity(m/f)you wish to get laid, befriend and having a love interest with?
100 toddler are put on a small island with access to food, water and housing. What will probably happen over the course of the next years?
What's the best porno you've seen in your entire life and still love it ?
What "basic" thing/product/activity do you unapologetically love?
What happened to make you stop being a fan of a musician or band that you loved?
Targeted individuals of reddit, what is your day to day life like? What is your story?
What food has the best nutrition/price ratio?
What food can be eaten with a fork(and knife) but not with chopsticks?
What is a school project you did that was “so bad it was good”?
When did you know you met the love of your life?
How often do you eat fast food?
What was the best night's sleep you've ever had?
What are some funny ringtones to have?
Is college worth it?
Why do you love your country?
Retail/fast food workers of reddit what is the worst thing you dealt with?
What is the craziest dream you have ever had?
Redditors who don't live in America, how are you using the internet?
What do you eat when you don’t have any food?
What are the words that best describe you, your loved one, and the one you hate the most in any order?
Before replying please take a moment to view this video https://www.instagram.com/p/ByxZ8SkgEd3/?igshid=1ipd5w4iab2k
msylight can be detected on your device if an antivirus is installed?
What is a movie scene that you love despite not liking the rest of the film?
When did you realize you loved your significant other?
Animal lovers vs sanitized
So, I am leaving for college soon and I find it kinda challenging to concentrate and memorize things, can you guys share some of your life hacks for memorizing things?
You get to cuddle one historical figure. Who do you pick and why?
What social situations can you fuck up and make awkward by randomly saying "I love you"?
What was something you used to love doing when you were younger, but now hate?
What is the Saddest Song, Movie, Game, or anything related to Media you have Seen/Heard?
what’s the dumbest thing you beloved as a kid?
Subaru owners of Reddit, why do you love (or hate) your Subaru?
I want to make great money, but I’m just your average joe.
Which is the best way to freeze and defrost cooked food?
What scene from a movie will you never forget?
Dear people of reddit, how do you Express your anger/agression
If an asexual with no sexual drive (even for self pleasure) takes their gender’s equivalent of Viagra what would they experience?
Parent of reddit, what is the most bizarre reason your child has given for not eating a particular type of food?
Redditors who generally don't mind sharing, what's the food or drink you're selfish about?
What is your guilty pleasure (food wise)?
Beloved senior citizens of Reddit. How old are you? What brings you to Reddit?
If time, money, and expertise were no issue, what dream of yours would you love to fulfill?
What food do you want right now?
How much should a food photographer charge in a country like india for 5-6 hours shoot?
People of reddit how did the death of your pet affect you?
Have you ever fallen in love in a dream? What happened?
users of reddit, what has made your day today?
What made you know you love someone? I rlly need to know
Don't you just hate it when your going 60mph in a school zone and one of the speed bumps scream?
how long did your college relationship last?
People who have accidentally ran into a room of people currently making love with each other and got noticed, who was it and what happened (afterwards)?
People of Reddit what are the terms of endearment you and your loved ones use?
Today, I learned of the existence of Cotton Candy flavored grapes. What bizarre food item can you not believe actually exists?
What’s your unusual love language?
Professional piercers of Reddit, what is the most annoying piercing to do ?
Is LGBT a gender?
Reddit, how would you describe human food to an alien species?
[SERIOUS] Chefs of reddit, do you prefer cooking your own food or does it feel like work after already a long day/night at work?
What do you love about your job? What do you hate about your job?
What's the most disgusting/disturbing thing you've found in food
Fellow Disabled People of Reddit, what is the nicest thing a random able-bodied person has done for you recently?
What is something you did that you loved as a child but now hate it and still have to do it?
If someone got food poisoning from a school what compensation would they be able to get?
What is your favorite video game?
What is your pets name?
Archaeologists of Reddit, what is the most interesting artifact you've ever discovered?
What does love mean to you? Is it enough to get married?
the last food you ate will be the only food you can't eat for the rest of your life from now on. what is it?
[Serious] What is something positive that happened to you recently?
Hi everyone, do you ever wonder if your pets miss their parents
What was your worse experience with a teacher? What was your favourite?
What's a show that you miss and would love for it air?
If all pets were researchers interested in understanding the human behavior, what would be the highlights of your pet's field journal?
[Serious] People who didn't go to college, what was your motivation behind why you didn't?
People of reddit why did you fail your drivers test?
What's the weirdest and craziest thing you've been punished for?
What do you think that dogs think about the dust at the end of their food bag?
Why, after debating this for thousands of years, are we no closer to agreeing which god is real or even if there are any gods at all?
Whats the best come back you've heard or seen for "this is America and you need to speak English "?
What hot food do you like to eat cold?
Keto/Atkins/Low Carb people of Reddit, when you started your diets, which carb-loaded snack or food did you miss the most?
Which appeals to you more, sweet or savory foods? What is one food you just cannot resist buying?
Redditors, what's the most frightening/Disturbing Subreddit you've ever seen?
What is your worst splinter wound/injury experience?
[Serious] To what degree could the Mass Effect trilogy affect an young college student's political views?
Fast food employees of Reddit, why do you get upset when people try to use a coupon?
If there was a "Hamburglar" for other fast food places, what would their name be?
What is your favorite moment of high school and why?
Why do you eat raw food?
What is the craziest thing you have done in an attempt to avoid someone?
Celebrity that everyone loves except you?
Is there something in your life you seen/tried and you loved it, but you hated it before and you just constantly wonder why you hated that thing before?
What is your biggest “I shouldn’t have done that” moment?
Can you delete comments from posts that if you’ve already deleted the post?
Fast food employees, who was the most entiteld customer you had to deal with?
/u/AutoModerator on What one edible, food-grade ingredient would ruin the best Macaroni &amp; Cheese dish? [serious]
Does success in education (college and university) make you smarter than does who haven't been able to graduate?
Those who talk to a lot of people in their jobs (retail, fast food, customer service, etc), what is the weirdest interaction you’ve ever had with a customer?
Keanu Reeves suddenly appears behind you. What do you do?
Men of reddit, what's the moment you've said to yourself, "she's a keeper"?
What is a special food from your place?
What's your go to stoner food?
To the ex-religious/religious persons on reddit, how did you dealt with the guilt (or even shame) of having sex before marriage ?
Today was my first ever college lecture! It was cool feeling like a college student. I saw so many people with dyed hair and tattoos, and it felt like I was in heaven. Adults also treated me like an equal! (I’m not in college, but I’m taking some courses at one this summer to obtain college credit!)
What type of food vendor do you have cookin’ up lunches outside your local Home Depot?
Kyle's of reddit: What the fuck did you do to get all this hate Kyle?! Kyle, what did you do?! Monster energy drinking, dry wall punching asshole, what did you do to piss off so many people Kyle???
What is a slightly unsettling food fact you know?
Whats a movie you watched more than 5 times?
People with tattoos dedicated to memory of someone important to you...why would you get a tattoo of someone you will never forget anyway?
Hey reddit what are some cute/funny/creativ responses to "i love you"?
What can you do with a Politics, Philosophy and Economics degree(or with any philosophy related degree)?
people of reddit,what was your "frick this" moment?
What are some good tips to love yourself?
How to deal with finding out that your bf is bisexual and has feelings for somebody else
Fast food workers of reddit: What is the strangest thing a customer has ordered?
What was your first job out of university/college, and what was the salary?
What's your worst dad joke?
What do you love about your car?
What's the next 3D printer like invention that will come in the near future and greatly improve society?
I've seen a lot of negative job posts, so who here loves their job? What do you do and why do you love it?
What's your unpopular opinion?
How can you get admitted into Ive-League or Stanford?
What's the worst food/delicacy you've ever tasted out of your country?
How long has it been a collectively accepted rule that we should not feed our canine friends foods such as chocolate?
What was/is your biggest motivation to succeed in school?
What’s the grossest thing your SO does that makes you question your unconditional love for them?
Such as a tomato not being allowed in a fruit salad whilst being a fruit, what are some other double standards we have for food?
To all u high school or college athletes, what is the weirdest locker room moment?
What is the biggest lie you've ever said to anyone and why?
What's one form of abuse you think you've been through?
How do you know you’re in love?
How would it affect your relationship if your significant other decided to come clean about an ongoing love affair they've been having with a sea lion?
How did you choose your at what college do you want to go?
What’s a food that you hated when you were little, but love now?
What weird foods go surprisingly well together?
What is the worst thing that you did to your pets?
People who's loved ones died because of another person, what are your feelings towards them?
Reddit users find the answers to the most common questions they're asked, and most people love them.
Canadians love ____
What’s something you love that most people hate?
What is a movie that everyone else loves/hates, but you feel the opposite way?
Store employees of Reddit,
What are some unsolved problems that blow your mind when you try and think about it?
What is something you will never be able to tell a loved one because they're gone?
Late Night Office Workers, where do you go for food in the middle of your shift?
Have you ever relentlessly loved someone just to have them break your heart over and over again? If so what happened? And how did you get out of it in the end?
(serious) How do you handle the loss of a loved one who you looked up to and respected dearly?
What was your biggest impulse purchase? Do you love or regret it?
What food/thing makes your mood better?
I made my hobby my job, now some years later something I loved became my enemy. How would one learn to love it again?
What is the worst "life-hack" you tried, and conversely, what is the best?
What is a wierd food combination that shouldn't work, but does?
Did you ever have a crush for a long time who you never confessed your love to? If so, what did you feel?
What meal screams “college student”?
[Serious] When do you think Reddit will get rid of the destructive/un-productive/disengenuous Up/Downvote system?
What are some things that you either love or hate and there is no inbetween?
What food should I absolutely try if I visit X country ?
Those who dropped out of college/never went, what steps did you take to have a successful career?
With the Apple Pro Stand as an example, what other stupid items sell for exorbitant prices?
What is a song you that you love, that people who know you would never guess you love?
People of reddit, what's your "I've may have made a mistake" food moment?
What was the biggest lies you have seen or heard in advertisements?
How do you get girls to PM you their nudes?
What is the feeling of love? how to explain it?
Have you ever been mistaken for an employee when shopping or visiting a store or restaurant ? What happened?
This one was probably here before, but me being in dire need of inspiration, what was the best gift you ever got?
Why are fast food restaurants in other countries so much different and fancier than US restaurants?
If there was a food police, what foods would be illegal?
People of reddit, my uncle &amp; dad run a million dollar buisness and I'm a possible heir (there's 4 including me) I want to take over the company when I'm older and how should I prepare for it if I need to?
Does going to college lead most people into the rat race?
What will you actually do if a guy bigger than you slaps your girlfriends ass?
Reddit, what are some pointless life hacks you’ve seen?
What is mind blowing theory about life/death/afterlife/heaven/hell?
What are cool pieces of technology that don't get enough love?
What's your favorite story or fact about your grandparents?
What's the strangest thing you've seen in someone's glove compartment?
What two fictional characters from different universes would you love to see meet up?
What's the most annoying thing about your most loved pet?
What is an object or a secret that you count about your friend or sibling?
Redditors, can you help me list the best, quirky, interesting AirBnb places from Europe, by country (not the most expensive, but some that are for everyone and brings something interesting [pets, sauna or being a tree house..i donno]?
Fastfood enthousiasts of Reddit, what was the spiciest thing you’ve eaten in a restaurant?
I am studying abroad for 3 months over the Summer and my girlfriend is doing the same program in the Fall. I've been keeping a journal with topics such as "Things I love about you" "Future plans with you" to give to her before her trip. I am running out of ideas, what else should I write about?
Which YouTuber do you want to make a comeback?
What are the most badass movie quotes of all time?
What are some foods that are essential for a healthy lifestyle?
How well did you get along with your college roommate?
Who would have a harder time adapting, a person from 1850 time travelling to present day, or a person from present day time travelling to 1850? If you don’t mind, include your age in your answer. I think it would be interesting to see if your age effects your answer.
why doesnt your generation understand the value of hard work?
Redditors who's pets passed away, what was your favorite moment with them?
Signs that a person is in love?
When did you first fall in love?
What video game deserves more love?
What is the one thing you can’t remember living without?
How do you cope with constantly failing tests at college?
I haven't been motivated in years? How do you get out of an absurdist fuelled depression?
What do you wish society would stop pretending is normal?
Fishermen of Reddit, what is the proudest catch of your life?
What is the worst thing somebody has ever done to you?
What is a food you used to love but then got discontinued?
If you could die in the most epic way possible, what would it look like?
What food/beverage do people either love or hate with no in between?
Workplace love
[Serious] What are the most common misconceptions about religions (specifically)?
If you had to sell pieces of your life, a year at a time... which would be the last piece you would sell? High school? College? The year you took off before college? Military Service? The first year of retirement? The first year of your marriage? The year you lived abroad?
What is something you never realized about yourself, until someone pointed it out?
How can I motivate myself to lose weight and actually stick to it
Food lovers of reddit, does peanut butter go on hamburgers or other sandwiches containing meat?
Where did you move after college?
What’s your biggest airport pet peeve?
What will food in the future (2122) be like in your mind?
Reddit, why does presidental canidate Julian Castro never get any love from the media?
Your pets each have three wishes. What do you think they would wish for?
Who is your favorite side character from any game/movie/book?
What’s something I should know before I go to college?
What Weird food your country have?
In your opinion what popular "love song" actually promotes toxic relationship behaviours?
If you love playing sports but not following them, why do you think that is?
Is there a song that you used to really love, but now that you know/understand the lyrics, you can never listen to it the same way again?
If you could set today as the exact midpoint of your life, would you? (Guaranteed survival until a guaranteed death.) Why or why not?
What programming languages should Iearn to become a web developer?
What 2 leftover foods can you fucks with and absolutely not fucks with?
Need help finding SAUCE of Wizard video/comment/comic
How do you move on after losing a loved one?
I’m going to college soon. What are some of your funniest stories of your college days, staff or student?
What was the best food you ever cooked?
Why do bitches love drama?
Hot food lovers of reddit, what are some simple foods that you can pair with hot sauce?
What is the healthiest food you have eaten today?
Doctors of Reddit, how do you cope with the loss and suffering of your innocent patients?
Who is a person that most people really love? Like everyone loves Betty White because she's amazing. Who else?
Fellow broke college students, how did you survive college?
[Serious] How do you guys stop missing someone you love to get the "happy anxiety" to go away?
People of reddit what the stupidest thing you’ve done?
How to politely refuse someone's food even if he/she knows you like it, but for some reason you don't feel like eating it at the time.
Who saved your life and what's the story?
What's wrong with this world according to you and why?
What thing did you use to love, which was then butchered by the internet ?
How did you decide on your major in college?
What was your best food-related experience?
What’s a food you love that most people don’t?
How much do you Ladies love your bestie?
What's the one fictional food/drink you wish you could try from any movie, show, game, etc?
/u/apple_a_day_is_gay's accidental haiku
If you could erase a negative quality of yours at the cost of one of your good ones, would you? If so, which ones would you choose and why?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is the weirdest situation you found your pets in?
If you could reincarnate into any time period on history, where and when would you choose?
What makes you nostalgic?
Your life theory for a college student
Has the death of a loved one ever resulted in (your) depression? How did you get over it?
What are some special things you do for your aging/elderly pets?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
[Serious] What is the scariest paranormal thing to happen to you or a loved one?
What's the longest period of time, that you were in love with someone, without starting a relationship?
How to emotionally deal with a loved one being diagnosed with terminal cancer.
What food did you hate as a child but now as an adult you love?
What is your favorite "terrible for you" food?
What are the best sauce combinations at fast food restaurants?
Redditors, what is one food everyone loves that you can't stand/find disgusting?
What movie or TV series did you use to love but now find god aweful?
[Serious] What are some hobbies that you love to do, but are very unique?
What is your favorite short story you heard of? Or have you ever told one?
Why don't food delivery sites use pictures of their own food?
What do you wish a loved one knew before they passed away?
What’s the weirdest food-combo you’ve ever seen someone eat?
What types of ways have you tried to save money while in college or somewhere else?
What's your irl version of leaving a fake review online?
Gotta love teaching kids new stuff on r/AskReddit
Dear Reddit, what advice would you tell your college freshman self?
Hi Reddit, what are some Minecraft experiences that really make you miss childhood?
Retail workers of Reddit, what POSITIVE customer stories do you have from your job?
[Serious] Those who are straight, have you ever been hit on by a homosexual? How did you react?
Millennials of Reddit, what do you think has gotten better with the current generation?
How would you create a society out of 10000 survivors on an island with nothing left after the Earth had met a catastrophic end? What's your plan for survival, food/agriculture, economy, education, healthcare, and religion management?
If you were to bump into the 'one true love who got away' in the street tomorrow, what would you say to them?
Resteraunt/Fast-food workers and consumers of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you've ever heard from a customer?
People who found dead bodies somewhere, what happened?
If you could merge two household pets to form one superpet, what would you make and what would it be called?
Does the color of a someone’s areolas/nipples have an effect on you?
Fast food worker employees of reddit; what was the most stupid customer you've encountered?
Does anybody have the link for that post where the guy was moving into his new house and every wall in the house was spray painted on?
Can you spread my mental health awareness blog please. Honest and personal!
How do I find moderators for "hidden" or "private" subs?
What is the bravest thing you've done?
Are there any movies without the component of love in it?
International Redditors, in honor of McDonald's doing a promotion in the US featuring a few international menu items, What are the best fast food items in your country that Americans might not be familiar with?
What's something that people either absolutely love or absolutely hate?
What was your cringiest love letter you received or wrote?
What's your favorite "non-breakfast" food to eat in the morning?
When is the last time you started a conversation with someone, and immediately regretted doing so? What was it about?
In WWII, soldiers would use pop-culture references as passphrases to prove they were Americans (e.g.: what is Bug's Bunny's favorite food) What would you use as your passphrase for your generation?
What’s the most embarrassing thing a kid has done in public? (that you’ve seen)
Sleep lovers of Reddit, what was your most satisfying snooze?
Mothers/Grandparents/Cooks of reddit, what is that secret recipe that everybody loves?
Reddit, when was a time that your gut instinct saved you from certain events or possibilities?
*only pointing out race so that I can buy the appropriate products* My sister's (white) oldest (2yo F mixed) has beautiful curls, I want to help out with her hair, but don't know how. What products should I buy? What should I do and not do?
What’s good to study at college or trade school (under 4 yrs) if you only care about getting a high paying job?
What problematic song do you love?
What are some unkwown terrible food combinations?
What's your go-to joke?
why people fall in love ?
[Serious] People who’ve had someone pass away that you love, have they come to you in a dream to say goodbye or anything significant?
Do other animals experience love?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what was the most disgusting thing about the place you work/worked at?
How to go over my fear of Telephone calls?
Redditor’s who broke up with the person they thought they’d spend the rest of their life with, what happened?
Adults of Reddit, what is something that you used to do as a child, and absolutely loved, but you can no longer do because as an adult it is considered "weird"?
If someone doesn’t look black but their parent(s) are black can they say the n word? Why or why not?
What did you think life would be like after high school/college? How close was your guess?
You have been tasked with becoming the supreme dictator of the world before 2080. How do you do it?
r u a marshmallow Peep, or an Egg McMuffin?
If you could spend a day talking with anyone, deceased or living, who would it be? What would you hope to accomplish?
Has anyone tried to alt+f4 out of a bad dream before?
What's something you'd done that you didn't want to do at first but it ended up being one of the best things you've ever done?
People of Reddit, when did you find out that your SO loves you more than you love them?
What's the cheat code to add more inches to my dong?
Women of Reddit: What has been something men/ your SO does that makes you want him or think “he’s the one/is a catch”
What's the worst fast food and why?
Is there a subreddit for recent college grad with shitty job disappointed with life? And if so, what is it?
In 25 words or less explain why 'favourite game console' and 'foodstuff' go together, this is a game of skill?
Do you love strangers and fellow man very much? Why or not?
Ex cons or people who've been in jail, What's the most wholesome thing that's happened behind bars?
If you had an infinite amount of time to do whatever you want, and resources to do so, but your only weakness is ANYTHING solid coming into contact with your feet, what would you do to prevent from dying?
What is something so amazing you are surprised that it is free?
What is love?
Music lovers of Reddit what is your favourite musicals and why?
Whats something that you completely understand, but still don't get at the same time?
What is the simple routine you did with your loved ones but now as times have changed, you miss it and want to have in back?
Deeply poor college graduates in America, how do you feel about current stereotypes of the poor?
What was the last song you recommended someone to listen to?
What’s a food that should go extinct?
Is there an unskilled work visa for the USA? I would like to visit my boyfriend in America for an extended period of time on a work visa (I am Australian). I intend to work as a barista, waitress or in a hotel. What is the best visa option for me? Does one exist?
What food do you hate with a passion?
For real, what would you do if you realised that you and Scarlett Johansson were actually lovers in past life who got executed, your love story etc you remember everything. What would you do ?
what do you think about the 30 year old boomer movement?
With the Toronto Raptors winning their first championship and fans rioting and going crazy. What pro sports team has the best fanbase?
What is love?
When do little brothers stop being annoying little pieces of shit?
What’s the best way to find a major for college?
If conspiracy theories aren’t true, then what’s wrong with them being speculated about?
Dog lovers of Reddit, why do you not like cats?
Medics of any caliber of Reddit, what do you consider your BEST story, for any reason?
Redditors who got dumped by a person you wanted to marry, any advice? (4 year relationship ended a couple of months after college graduation) (m)
found on r/FacePalm
What's your go-to fast food ?
What's something stupid your S/O does that makes you love them even more?
Are you single?
What's the worst experience with cooking, eating, or watching food be prepared?
I like programming, what other hobbies may I like?
What is something that screams upper class?
Is there anything more virgin than saying god 1st in your bio?
What defines processed food, is it inherently less healthy, and how do i know whats processed and whats not?
What is something you’ve been afraid to try, but fell in love with instantly after trying?
[Serious] Law Enforcement, Military, Firefighters, and Doctors of reddit that had to tell someone that there love ones did not make it, what is your story?
Dead people of reddit, who is your favorite type of person to haunt? Why?
Redditors, what subject did you hate in school that you love now?
What was the most bizarre way people found out about the truth of something?
What are some other ways you or someone you know does that translates to "I love you"?
What ability would you have if you were a Pokémon?
Reddit, who is that person you know that has an inexplicably bad/good love life?
What are some healthy food options for a VERY picky, child-like eater?
/u/AutoModerator on People that commutes to college. Did you regret it?
People of reddit, what celebrity did you like/love, then after an incident not like anymore?
Other than spending time with loved ones, if you had only 24 hours to live, what would you do?
Why don't you swallow your food before talking?
Reddit people who are on the autism spectrum who have trouble with food textures, what’s your favorite food?
What is the best sentence you have ever heard? Why do you consider it to be the best?
What do you think about unconditional love? Stupid or beautiful?
What should I name my dog? It's an Australian Shepherd and lab mix.
Any tips against the chewing thing on molly?
What fast food chain has the best fried chicken? What one has the worst? Why are they the best and the worst?
When and how did you got ur first orgasm?
What was the hardest piece of news you’ve had to tell someone?
what makes you appreciate life?
Hey kitchen crew/cooks what is the grossest thing you’ve seen done to a customers food intentional or not
What is something you love but would stop getting or using if you had to pay for it?
What’s a food that seems unhealthy, but actually isn’t?
What do your parents do for you that makes you feel loved?
What do you think the future of gaming will look like?
What’s something you thought you had lost forever, that you unexpectedly found?
Has reddit changed your life? if so how?
How do you avoid debt in college today?
Fruit-lovers of Reddit, what’s your favorite type of fruit and why is it the best?
Reddit, What is something you love, but had to cut out of your life because it caused problems?
The worstest thing you`ve ever did?
Why does adding salt to food make other flavours and spices more noticeable?
Do you know any food or spice which is only for the rich but the average person will be able to enjoy it in the future, like: coffee, potato, salt etc...?
How to get over a sad moment when someone you love has to leave and not be back for year?
how much did you make out of college and what was your degree in, do you regret why or why not?
What does "ghosting" mean?
I'll make this one quick. When someone chews their food with their mouth open, or just loudly I immediately get super agitated. Do I have an anger management problem, or is this normal?
People who went down a career path outside of your college major, what have you chosen? Is there any chance to be successful in a job unrelated to your degree?
How to get back at people for stealing food, particularly ice cream (twice), out of a fridge?
I was at a burger shop recently and had a chicken breast-hash brown-cheddar cheese burger. This got me thinking, what is a weird food combination that actually tastes good?
People on Reddit, have you ever experienced being far away from a loved one, and when the time finally comes to be next to each other again, it just doesnt feel the same as before? Share your experience
why do Straight Women call their female friends Girlfriends but Straight men dont call their male friends boyfriends?
What popular food do you find disgusting?
Which food dish is the most spectacular blending of two or more cultures' cuisines?
What is the most fucked up thing your ex lover has ever did to you?
You’re an American prize fighter walking to the ring in a foreign nation to fight their nat’l poster boy. What is the most ubnoxious American song you can walk out to?
Do Redditors, when reposting, screenshot the image instead of cross-posting to gain karma majority?
What was a moment in your life that changed things for the better?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve seen an easily offended person do/say?
What's your favorite comfort food/drink item to make (hot, cold, simple, complex, stove, microwave, all of it) and why? Invisible bonus points if you include the recipe!
What food do you add Ketchup to that other people find offensive? Have you ever changed their mind?
Libs of reddit, what is it like being completely dumb?
What is the most sexual truth or dare you have done?
Best food for dinner?
People of Reddit, what is your most interesting food gatekeeper story?
What have you learned from Reddit?
Food Service Workers, what is the nastiest food customization you’ve ever seen?
Why do people seriously try to make friends at work? Your place of work is most likely some souless corporation. Who would want to make friends in such a souless background? At least at college there's a sense of youth and soul to it. Why be friends with those people at work?
Obscure college degree holders of Reddit, what inspired you to pursue your field and have you found employment in it?
Your last ex is now a perception drug and you've been chosen to make an ad on TV about him/her. What are the side effects that people should know about dating your ex?
What's your most downvoted comment?
When did you stop caring about people's feelings?
Fast food workers of Reddit, do you have any crazy stories that happened while at work?
Somebody calls you a nigga, what do you do?
What did you make in the kitchen that surprised even you and the people who ate your food?
Is it possible to live comfortably without college or a trade? How do people do it?
What are some ways we can integrate a healthy lifestyle into our daily lives whether it is in college, work and home?
Justin Beiber challenged Tom Cruise to a fight. Who would win and why?
Have you masturbated to yourself with the opposite sex snapchat filter?
Parents of Reddit, do you love one child more than the other(s)? Explain why
You find out your love of your life is cheating on you what do you do? Serious
People who graduated college with a ton of student debt, was getting your degree worth it?
Which deadly species in Australia scares you the most?
Can I change my Reddit username?
How can I stop negative thinking?
When you put seat belt on technically you are wearing your car.. Why?
Older people of Reddit, what is the best advice you can give to younger people in regard to health in the long run?
What can kill a baby, but not an adult?
What’s something that you were adamant you hated until you tried it and loved it?
Private Pyle! Why is your footlocker unlocked?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
If you had any superpower(s) what would you realistic do with the power(s) you chose, excluding the things you want to say you would do but really wouldn't?
What is the most embarrassing thing that happened to you in school?
What is the stupidest thing you have done in the name of love?
Do you think boys are born less capable of feeling love, sadness, happiness, emotional pain, disappointment, or that they need/deserve less compassion than girls? Do girls just matter more than guys in each and every way?
Fast food workers of Reddit: Do you eat fast food? Or do you just work at a fast restaurant?
What makes your life worth living?
If you're favourite celebrity was to suddenly turn into a common household object. Who would turn into what and why?
What defines "processed" food?
What is your favourite food?
What would you say to a person but never to a dog?
What small simple thing can you do to make the food you are cooking taste a lot better?
What’s something everyone should try once before they die?
What is your “I can’t believe I did that in college” story?
What foods taste amazing on the first bite, but gets worse as you keep eating?
What do most people love, but you find disgusting?
Who is the most intelligent man/woman you’ve met? Why?
What food/dish looks disgusting but tastes amazing?
What's your worst experience with a college?
What is the best tasting meal you’ve ever had? Was it the food itself or the company that made it so great?
What is the coolest way to reply if someone tells you that "you are ugly"?
Anyone have an example of someone successfully getting back at a tow company?
Americans, why do you love your flag so much? Genuinely curious why it's so deeply embedded in the culture.
Each US state has a well known state flower, state bird, state tree etc. what would you choose as your official state food and drink?
You get to say one thing for the whole world to hear. What do you say?
Other than porn or OP's mom, what is the last thing you've masturbated to?
People who have lived with homelessness: what are your opinions on people offering leftover food to homeless people?
Fast food workers of Reddit. What is the strangest order you have ever made/ordered?
Tea lovers of Reddit, what are some unusual flavors you can recommend?
which game made you fall in love with videogames?
What popular restaraunt/fast food chain has the worst tasting food?
What do you love to hate?
Why do you love your job?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what’s the strangest encounter you’ve had delivering food to someone?
Hey people, if you could go back in time and give your college self one advice. What would it be?
How do you avoid scratching the worst itch ever?
If you changed inches to centimeters in Led Zeppelin's whole lotta love (give ya every centimeter of my love) it just wouldn't sound right. What other lyrics would sound off if you changed imperial to metric?
Folks who wash their hands before they piss but not after, why?
Users who have Reddit Premium, is it worth it?
What is the most famous example you know of someone dying doing what they love?
Assuming the upper class fights to ensure the lower class maintains the lower class (not necessarily factual, for purpose of the question), what rational or irrational reason does the leader of a country decide to kill everyone in their country, anopther country, then the world?
When did you have to practice tough love with an addict and did it work?
You will love this
How do I mute/unmute gifs or videos
What are some food vs food debates? What is your side on them?
What is something that you love about yourself?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve seen some do to express their love for another person?
When were you someone's bad date story?
School just let out and I'm looking for a way to get some extra adrenaline pumping via nightmares. Anyone know how to get one garunteed? I know watching scary material would be a solution. But I love horror movies and many dont scare me anymore.
Which movies where a guy and girl in a religious cult fall in love would you recommend?
What would each subreddit post for their individual TIFU?
Does anyone else get grossed out by overly designed food? Like, cute Japanese bento boxes that look like animals or when you watch fine dining chefs finger a single ingredient on a plate until its perfect?
When have you regretted not saying I love you?
What artist do you hate, but love their music?
Reddit what happened last night? Did you have fun?
What makes humans not cultivate/domesticate edible foods that exist in the wild that people can still forage?
Those who've visited America. What do you think of the food here?
How to love yourself?
Somebodys got to ask now. What are some examples of "quantity over quality"?
What is the most embarrassing drunk text you have ever sent or received?
What food do you keep a steady supply of at your house?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Is it ok to kiss your loved one after a bj or eat out?
If college loan debt is forgiven, what so.you expect the short term and long term effects to be? SERIOUS
What changed James Potter in the seventh year of Hogwarts so much that Lily fell in love with him?
Pet Owners of Reddit, Why do you talk with your pets using their voice?
If you could replace one part of your body with food what would it be and why?
Why am I always thinking about food??
How to comfort someone who has lost a loved one? (Serious)
Fast food workers of Reddit what is the MOST annoying thing customers do?
Why is it so important to parents that children finish all their food? Health? Gratitude? Manners? Finances?
What food industry will be automated that workers shouldnt worry about because theyll receive UBI?
What cute nicknames do you call your pets
What was the oldest food you've eaten ?
What lines or quotes from Disney movies can be used during sex?
Hey Reddit, what foods did you hate as a child, but now love as an adult?
Had a BBQ planned for tomorrow, now it’s supposed to rain all day. What are your go-to easy to make food substitutions?
Will our eventual expansion and various diasporas into the galaxy necessitate a new spiritual or religious framework?
People who like sex but save it for someone you potentially love and you know they really like you back, what’s up?
What song did you love as an innocent child but have now realised that it is not for kids?
What is a better love story than twilight?
What cuisine your family loves but you hate? Why?
How do people deal with anxiety about working in food service?
If your friends/family has ever found your Reddit, what’s the story?
What was the most tedious, pointless assignment you learned nothing from at school?
What kind of foods or dishes correspond with your favorite Disney movies?
Programmers of Reddit, what is the best general purpose programming language?
What song reminds you of a loved one and why?
What do you think your cause of death will be?
When were you thrilled to be wrong?
You have 10 seconds to make an escape plan from your county jail. What is it?
What's one song that everybody loves, but you secretly hate? Why do you hate the song?
How do I get her phone number?
What's your funniest off the cuff ;-) comeback story?
Minimum-wage workers who love their job, What do you do?
What is your truly unpopular movie opinion?
What is a concoction of cheap foodstuffs (Bread, leftover spaghetti, instant ramen etc) that tastes unexpectedly good?
In you opinion, what's the most important thing in love?
people of reddit which university/college major has the worse type of students? and why do you think that?
What man made food/drink do you wish could be found in nature and where in the world do think it would naturally grow?
What advice did you give to someone, that surprisingly hit very close to home?
Video gamers of reddit, what’s an old story mode game i can get for a cheap price?
Is disownment legally a thing in the US, or is it something people just say?
What important item would you take on a world trip?
Which food/drink/spice would make you the saddest if you were suddenly no longer able to consume it?
Teachers of Reddit, What should other fellow newby teachers be prepared for? (Thst they don't teach you about in college)
What's the story of the day you woke up and something you loved was lost forever?
What is something you love that gets ruined for you by its community?
What are the scariest/most shocking things you’ve found while sorting through dead loved ones’ stuff?
Pizza is no longer an option, what do you do, what do you do, for shares-y foods?
Paying on the first date.
What’s some nice food to eat?
Box vs. Live Lizard
What is sound/noise you absolutely love?
Pet lovers of reddit: what weird/funny/special thing does your pet do that would allow you to instantly identify them out of an army of identical clones?
What's the one choice you made that, for better or worse, changed your life forever?
Would you eat your wife's feces why or why not?
People are always talking about how you can get a well paying job (40k USD and up) without going to college. What jobs are they talking about?
What are some ingredients you wouldn't believe are in popular foods?
What would Buzzfeed post if Reddit suddenly disappeared ?
Why don't former teachers of famous people ever comment on their student's success?
What really brings your piss to a boil?
If Alanis Morissette wrote "Hand in my Pocket" in 2019, what would her other hand be doing?
If you had the choice to bring back a dead celebrity, who would you bring back and why?
What is the most morbid thought you have entertained?
Which food/drink hits the spot the best under all the same circumstances?
Do women firefighters make you feel like just going in yourself and rescuing whatever is in there?
[serious] What happens if the media gets the 2020 presidential election predictions as wrong as 2016?
What is the most underrated food? Why?
Animal lovers of all ages, what has been your fondest memories of pets in your life?
How did the "quiet kid" in your class turn out after high school?
Food delivery drivers of Reddit - What are some of the most ‘WTF’ moments as someone opens the door to take their food?
Anyone have fish 🐠 pets at home?
What would get annoying if its temperature randomly changed from 0-200°F?
What is the weirdest note that someone has left on your windshield?
What is something that has to be exactly right?
What’s the rudest your family/friends have been to the waitstaff?
Does changing US current president will stop the trade war with China?
People of Reddit, what's your guilty pleasure?
Former workers of corporate food/retail that had a company go out of business unexpectedly, what were some warning signs in retrospect?
What do you do about that one friend who always complains about the food in restaurants?
Reddit, tell me your “Oh shit, that really just happened.” stories.
Does anyone use literally every other nickname for your pet other than it’s actual name? Do other people have nicknames for their pets?
Firefighters of Reddit, why do you hate/love about your job?
What are your tips to deal with living a loveless life?
What are some youtube channels you watch which help you to grow mentally/on spiritual level?
So I’m a college student that has a huge workload, but I need a job. Are there jobs that you guys know that could be flexible and only work 10-15 hours?
What is the best advice your parents gave you?
What non sexual sensation, do you absolutely love?
People of redit who have been in love but couldn’t pursue it, what’s your story?
People of Reddit, what is a pet peeve that you have, but no one else understands?
Any action movie reccomendations?
Pet owners of reddit, what’s something weird and embarrassing you do to show just how much you love your pet?
Vegetarians and vegans of Reddit: When you come home late at night and hammered, what kind of food do you shovel into your face?
How many DMs do you get each day? How many of it is dirty chat?
What’s a non-monetary way that someone’s expressed their love/appreciation for you?
Which seasonal food do you look forward to every year?
What food seemed disgusting till you actually tried it?
Gamers of Reddit, how have video games affected your lives?
Hello. I think I have mild food poisoning or too much pool water intake. I had chicken yesterday and I bit into it chewed it for a couple of seconds realized it was bloody. Today I am nauseas and have diarrhea. I had been swimming alot with my girlfriend in my pool. So F.P. or overdose on pool water
What was the weirdest food you ate which turned out to be surprisingly good?
Will you still eat the food if a fly have been on it?
What do you think love is?
What is a compliment you can give your SO in the same vein as "I love you" or "You make me happy"?
What are great jobs that don't require years of college? Trying to get my shit together.
In your opinion, what are foods that taste really good but smell really bad?
[Spoilers] What are some things that cause food to go bad?
Uber/Lyft drivers of Reddit what is your worst or most horrific ride you have had to endure?
What did you put off doing yesterday that still hasn't been done today?
It’s easy to hate on periods, but what is something you love about being a woman?
love
What kind of food is really good where you live?
If your life was a story, what would the moral of the story be?
[Serious] Survivalism Preppers: Should the worst come true, how will you deal with random people seeking food and shelter from you?
What's the explanation regarding when my ears pop, my hearing actually increases. My ears pop like this once a couple of months and then shortly afterward return to their pre-popped state, where my hearing isn't as good.
If you had to kill somebody without getting caught, how would you do it?(asking for a friend)
Altar Servers of Reddit, what is the most memorable thing that happened during your time serving?
What is a movie that you like/love/think it's OK that everybody hates?
Reddit, What is your take on Avicii's posthumous song release 'Heaven'?
Do you believe in love at first sight? Why or why not?
What is the strangest rule at college / school you have had to follow?
[Serious] If you were to receive a suicide note from a loved one, what would you want to be covered?
beat meat
What is your most emberassing story from middle/high school?
What are your thoughts on finding the love of your life? What would it be like? How would you do it? Why would it matter to you?
What are your best tricks for staying motivated? Any secret tips?
What’s the strangest thing you found wile playing during recess ?
With Shaft getting a 31% critic score but a 95% audience score on Rotten tomato, what other movies are hated by critics and loved by the audience (and vice versa)
What's something that people often say or do that they think makes them sound "edgy" or "angsty" but really just makes them sound like a douche?
if your pets could talk what would they say about you?!?
What's your favorite food-chain?
Fast food workers of reddit, what was the weirdest order you ever had and why?
If you had to kill a loved one to save yourself, could you? who would it be and why?
Why are you a climate change denier and how do you justify it?
If you could see any celebrity nude, who would it be?
Why food is so delicious ?
Whats the fastest way to GAIN weight?
How many dead pets do you have?
What is the worst fast food restaurant and why?
What is the best way to make friends in college?
What’s your favorite comfort food?
School attendees of reddit, what is that school story you wanted to type but never got the appropriate question to answer?
How accurate (relative to how others perceive you) is a picture of yourself IN the mirror?
I would love to know if there is any subreddit where I can put a picture of real situation of my wound ? I want to ask for advice from some who is into medicine more than me . Thanks in advance.
what is the most thing you love about a women?
What is food that is best to eat as leftovers rather than fresh?
What is something you’d love a gritty reboot of that hasn’t been redone yet?
People who’s reddit name is ‘PM-ME-NUDES’ or something similar, do you actually recieve nudes?
For a female whats more personal, flashing tah-tahs or vag-a, as a average male I’m reluctant to flash the peen, but I’d flop the balls out all day.
WHY DO PEOPLE ANSWER QUESTIONS IN ASKREDDIT THREADS BUT DON'T UPVOTE IT?
If the Raptors win tonight do they meet with the President of the b United States or Prime Minister of Canada?
Marines of reddit: how does on-base college classes work?
Why do people readily eat foods with red colouring (Carmanic acid that comes from Cochineal beetles) but there's public outcry when burgers contian horse meat?
You can tell your past self ONE thing you know now, what do you tell yourself?
What if you had to kill a celebrity?
What's your awkward story from when your headphones weren't fully plugged in?
Non US redditors, What foods does the US love that everyone else think is disgusting?
Fellow alcoholics, whatcha up tonight?
What historical event/character deserves a miniseries?
/u/AutoModerator on Must haves on a Roadtrip (I'm planing one to Greece)?
Isnt this random and dont you love that you hate it?
What's a thing you hate but you'd like to love?
Why do you consider college students some of the most intelligent people on the planet if they don't know the address to their own frat house when ordering a pizza?
What's the one film you know isn't that good but you absolutely love?
If beer and yoga pants are proof that God loves us, what is proof that the devil hates us?
If you had to choose one type of food and drink to consume for the rest of your life, what would you goose?
What song did you used to love but now hate due to associating it with a person or event?
will you marry me?
/u/AutoModerator on What's an average timeline of a relationship?
Where’s the worst place you’ve had to use the toilet?
What is the most annoying thing your loved one always do. But you cant tell them
What’s a fictional character you love but would hate if said fictional character was real?
What food would you recommend to a random person?
How do you get karma if you need karma to post? I’m genuinely frustrated with this and I find it pretty unbelievable that it’s designed like that, I just made my account, and it might be because I’m stupid and there is other ways to get it, but I need help lmao
What makes you love your S/O?
What foods and beverages do most people think are healthy but actually aren’t?
What is the most embarrasing thing you have done that actually isn't embarrasing
Ladies how many orgasms can you take from cunnilingus before telling your partner to stop?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest food request you have gotten?
What song artist makes you want to kill something upon hearing?
What’s foreign culture food do you like the best?
When did you know you were in love?
People who give oral but don’t share drinks/food... what’s going on there?
Friend Fell in lava in minecraft and lost all his stuff and says hes going back to fortnite.Help?
What is the most iconic food in your hometown?
How common is in your country to find a gamer girl? (I mean like a casual gamer, playing some games they love in their free time, not addicted but not "I played pokemon when I was 6 for 15 minutes")
Why do you think love relationship is needed by others?
What are your funniest, strangest and most irritating road rage stories?
If the phrase "you are what you eat" suddenly became 100% true, what kind of food would you be turning into right now?
People of Reddit... is it possible to be “in love” with a pet?
What was the moment that made you fall in love with someone you previously thought to be... Less than ideal?
What lowbrow or commercial blockbuster movie do you unabashedly love?
What is your go-to struggle food?
If you’ve ever sat back, and asked yourself “what’s the point?” What was the conclusion you came to?
What is the most disturbing thing you have overheard someone say while they were on the phone?
Fast-Food workers of Reddit who have spit in peoples food, why did you do it?
My 23 month old by loves eggs. He'll eat 2 of them, 3 or 4 times a week. But, I'm concerned about what the cholesterol will do to his little arteries. Should I cut back his eggs? Would a cholesterol free alternative, like Egg Beaters be better?
What's the band/artist/writter/etc you've fallen out of love with? Why?
Is love at first sight really love and if not what is it ?
What food combination do you love that everybody else hates
What is one food,meal,or snack you used to love when you were younger, but now hate to eat?
If it wasn’t reciprocated, what was said after you or your significant other said “I love you” first?
Whats the most stupid thing you did for love?
What phrase have you heard from a movie or song or anywhere else that you now use quite often?
What happened when you discovered your food allergy?
Why does Mai (who is an adult woman) love Trunks (who is a child) from Dragon Ball Super Part 1 because we didn't take time to write the story so the new ones coming out later)?
Who do you main in Smash and why?
Redditors of Reddit, what's the most Reddit you've Reddited?
(Settle an argument) Is a shadow a reflection?
What unhealthy food/drink is your weakness?
Did Jesus die for Neanderthal sins too, or did god just not love them as much as homosapiens?
kpop stans of reddit: what's one thing you hate about the kpop community, and one thing you love? (also if you want: tell me who your ult group/bias is!)
[Serious] How many suicides do you think are compulsive as opposed to planned?
People Reveal Roommate Horror Story? (r/AskReddit Top Posts)
What's the dumbest thing you've done for love?
Female redditors, has a guy ever asked you out with a meme?
How do you cope with the loss of a loved one?
What is your worst food delivery experience?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve seen a coworker have on their desk / work station?
Nintendo employees what was Reggie Fils-Aime like off camera?
Broke college students of reddit, what are some cool and cheap second date ideas?
Any side hustles for college students to make extra cash?
How do you guys stop missing your beloved?
Party drug users of reddit what common misconception about party drug users do you hate the most?
What food do people infuriatingly order at restaurants that could have easily been made at home?
Did you see any sexual pictures that you were never supposed to see?
If it wasn’t reciprocated, what was said after you or your significant other said “I love you” first?
What food is it unacceptable to put ketchup on?
To those of you in relationships who don't contribute to the housework without prompting ('if you want me to do something, ask!'), why?
What is a weird food combination that you love?
If you could pull one food out of any TV show/movie, what would it be?
Misogynists of reddit why do you love that the catholic church banned women from being priests or other high level clergy in the made up hierarchy?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have gone through a divorce, when do you feel like you lost love for your partner, and what did it feel like?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious] Have you dropped out of college, or a higher-education degree like a PhD? Why?
If your beloved pet was kidnapped, and they left a note that said you must post a question on r/AskReddit and get 1000 DOWNVOTES, or they will keep your pet, what question would you post? Asking for a friend...?
People who have said "All drinks on the house" at the bar, What made you do this?
In your opinion, what two foods, when mixed together, would make the most disgusting concoction?
Is there a subreddits for adults who want to go back to college?
Scientists of Reddit, what major disease are we *really* close to curing?
loved ones of memory loss patients, what is the most important thing that you've needed to keep reminding them?
What food are you irrationally snobby about?
What's the best food/drink to ACTUALLY keep your energy up?
How to say "I love you" without actually saying it?
What's the craziest love confession you've ever recieved?
What song you’re currently obsessing right now?
Servers of Reddit, have you ever actually purposefully contaminated (spit in, etc.) a jerky customer's food on purpose?
Former alcoholics, was there a "rock bottom"? If yes, what was it?
[Serious] What are some tips for writing a good college admissions essay?
Evil Reddit users
Which culture's authentic signature food dishes (Italian,Mexican, Asian, etc.) are the easiest to make?
People in relationships, WHY do you love your S.O?
What were/are some of your college essentials?
What opinion gets downvoted often on reddit?
What is something your bf/gf does and thinks you love it, but you actually hate it but you’re too affraid to tell him/her now?
[Serious] What was your food disaster of the century?
What are the "social media famous people" of other generations?
Do you say I love you first or wait for the other person to say it?
What are bands, songs, movies or TV shows that have food items in their name/titles?
If any of your loved ones commit suicide, would you like them to leave a suicide note with explanation? Why?
Is round a shape?
What strange food do you put Hot Sauce on?
What is the most overhyped thing in your opinion? Something everyone seems to love but you cannot stand it.
True love and a family or fame and wealth — which would you choose and why?
Dear Redditors, what do you usually do to make time go by faster on a slow day at work other than browsing Reddit?
Capnvontrappswhistle tells us why he loves minivans
Ok so I watched this movie (it was a hindi one) and there was this line that went like "If u can't fall in love by sleeping with someone once but then how can u break up by sleeping with someone else once". Y'all agree or disagree and why?
hol up
[serious] why don't police (in the US) need to go to college/university?
What's an unlikely comedy duo you would love to see?
how do i tell my so that i don't want him wiggling while i'm giving him a blowjob? i love him and i don't want to hurt his feelings but i also don't want him shaking all over the bed
What food item have you ordered that had the largest number of different cheeses on it, and how many were there?
What is your biggest “pet peeve” that other people don’t get?
What is love?
How to watch live cricket matches online?
Current and former fast food employees of Reddit, what disgusting things have you seen around the kitchen that customers deserve to know about?
Pokemon lovers of Reddit,if you are allowed to have one Pokemon with you. What Pokemon will you choose?
What case did you consider the happiest, but then it turned out that it is not so?
What are the greatest jokes you know?
You have unlimited money for the rest of your life, but it must remain a complete secret. How do you make the most of it while keeping it a secret?
What job would you love to have but doesn’t pay well?
Who wants silver?
I'm trying to do an LGBTQ night at my uni. Can anyone recommend me some fun icebreakers or activities to do?
What's a food that shouldn't have been created?
What's the worst thing some people get away with on a regular basis?
What is something that you did but had no idea you did it until someone pointed it out to you? I use to flex every time I ordered food from a cute waitress!
What wouldn't Meatloaf do for love?
If you were to die today what message would you want to pass on to the world or loved ones about life that you've learned or some advice?
People who adopted exotic or unlikely pets, what is the pet and what is the most common reaction when people find out or meet them?
Cute Couples, What is a Term of Endearment you and your SO say to each other that means "I love you" but with out actually saying "I love you"?
When/how did you discover your calling?
retailers/fast food employees of reddit, what was the most obnoxious prank call you had to deal with?
What sixth sense do u swear u have?
What is your controversial food opinion?
Do you believe love is a feeling/emotion, or a choice?
What's better in real life than in movies ?
People of Reddit who decided to go to college years after graduating high school, how was your experience and was it worth it?
Whats your pets name?
Is there a fictional character with whom you could fall in love?
What is/would be your well of food or brand, as in a type of food or a brand that you would buy regularly if you were well off?
If you could bring back a loved one for one day at what point in life would you bring them back?
Hey reddit, what's the most fucked up thing that happened in your school ?
The fruit flavoured frozen sticks you’d eat as a kid during summer, what do you guys call them? ( because apparently everyone I know has a different way of calling it )
If you were granted one wish but the opposite of your wish happened to the person you love the most, what would you wish for?
Redditors who have been in a "crisis", did you reach out to others for help, and if not, why?
[Serious] Redditors who are atheist that come from a Muslim, Jewish or other religious background that isn't Christian, what argument changed your mind?
Father's of Reddit, what did your loved ones do for you today?
What is the best food to eat during shower?
People without college degrees. What interesting job did you manage to acquire? And do you like the job?
What do you love about your dog?
What is something that as you’ve got older you’ve come to appreciate - specifically any food or drink items?
When was the last time you stepped out of your comfort zone and did something you never thought you would? How did it turn out?
If you were to open a restaurant, what food would you sell there?
Would you hover your bare asshole 1 ft from a bee hive for 15 secs in exchange for $240? Why or why not?
When did you know you were in love?
What's a really good TV series that you love and that kept going, even though you expected it to get cancelled?
Can you think of a food that goes so poorly with bacon, you wouldn't even want it on the side?
How friends tv show change the world?
would you like to share some summertimes horror story ?
What is the most absurd thing You ever did for a girl/boy you Fell in love with?
Those who were in one sided love situations how did it turn out whether you gave it time or tried something?
How can I open my own delivery service business?
What are currently the best discounts/specials for college students?
People who have worked at multiple fast food restaurants what restaurant do you recommend never going to
If you could resurrect anyone for one night only, who do you choose and where do you go?
When you kiss your lover, does their breath stink? L
Restaurant workers of Reddit, do you eat your stores food outside of work hours?
Redditors who dropped out of college, what did you do after dropping out and do you regret it now?
Gamers of Reddit, anyone knows which is the biggest video game community?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve seen at an amusement park/ theme park?
What is a good way to celebrate an anniversary with a loved one?
Interesting question
Anime lovers of reddit, what is your favorite anime and what anime are you currently watching?
What do you love most about fart?
Why don’t you sleep with your pupper?
What is the most reliable service for international shipping? (U.S. to China) USPS, FedEx, or?
/u/AutoModerator on Who here loves the internet more than me?
What physical changes will a woman get if she took a penis enlargement pill?
What's the best way of combating a burning mouth from spicy food?
What are you fighting for?
Does anyone here feel like you have a bug in your ear, even though you don't?
Redditors what's the dumbest thing you've overheard at a bar?
Whats the dumbest/funniest/weirdest thing to have happend (or said) during your sex edd class?
What is the moment that made you realize you loved your favorite singer?
Retail/fast food works, who was your most unreasonable customer?
Do fast food chains like Mcdonalds hire managers with no experience in the fast food world?
I’ve fallen in love with the man who sexually abused me as a child. How do I find the strength to cut it off? (Serious)
What's the one food that you loved as kid, but can't stand as an adult?
Why is there a gay pride month, but not a straight pride month?
What’s the meanest insult you’ve ever heard/said to someone?
How do you know when a woman is being nice vs friendly? I don't want to take things the wrong way or read too much into them.
What food item has changed your life forever?
What's your favorite I have no food creation?
If Donald Trump had a Reddit account, what name would he choose ?
All biological possibilities aside, heart attack, stroke, cancer, etc. What is the most likely way youll meet your demise?
Do you think it would have gone over well if Prince William and Kate Middleton had adopted children? Would the media and people in general still be in love with those children if they had been adopted?
Whats one dream you love talking about?
What's a food that you've eaten that made you wanna say "I hate it, but I love it,"?
What is the best feeling you ever felt?
Whats your favourite food and drink?
What would be the worst combination of two or more foods that are otherwise good separately?
What is something you wish you knew earlier?
Did you remember to do that thing?
What joke gets you every time?
How do you help an insecure person love themself?
One band, one gig, what gig from history would reddit love to go to the most?
Any other girls get a kind of thrill from dressing up or dressing a little revealing?
Car lovers of Reddit, what is a dream car that you want but can't have, any why is that?
How do you know it’s love?
If you were with your friend at a fast food place, both starving, and you only had $20... would you get a $20 meal for yourself or split even and get two $10 meals?
[Serious] What's the best food to eat to get nice big plump Poops?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
How many 5th graders would it take to tackle an NFL running back?
Other than environmental emergency, why do some families abandon their home and leave literally everything, including family pictures, personal items, sometimes even pets?
What’s a food that’s liked all over the world but isn’t available all over the world?
Why does the UN send free food to North Korea? Why not let them starve to death so they don’t have enough energy to start a War ?
How long do you think you'd last if food was no longer purchasable/shippable and you had to grow it yourself?
What are you “bucket list” foods, either to eat, or even to make yourself?
[SERIOUS] What degree did you get in college and do you regret it? Why?
What was your college job and what did you wish you did?
Reddit, what's your favorite toilet paper / bath tissue?
What is something you love by?
Why is crappy processed food so much cheaper than healthy natural food? Shouldn’t all the chemicals and whatnot cost more to produce than the natural way?
What were your favourite foods from your favourite fast food restaurants when you were a kid?
What’s the most backhanded compliment you have ever received which leaves you wondering whether you should be flattered or offended?
Past and present fast food workers, now that you've been behind the counter would you still eat there?
What is your fav combo foods that people find disgusting?
College students, what was something you experienced that made you say "is this really college?" ?
Where do meteors go when they land?
redditors, do you think porn is harmful for you and your brain or not?
What is a weird/wacky food combination you love which everyone else despises?
Married people of reddit: Those who've had an arranged marriage, what is your experiene? How long did it take you to truly love your spouse if you do, and how did it happen?
What ‘lifehack’ do you use but are too embarrassed to tell others about?
Fortnite is adding a hide and seek mode similar to the Minecraft one. What does reddit think about this
Gamers of Reddit, what is your favourite level or mission of all time?
Dieters of Reddit: what’s your food dream binge?
What do you hate now that you loved long ago?
Fast food workers of Reddit, has your store ever been robbed while you were working, and if so how did that go down?
What would you think of a non political person who goes to college and while at college he develops an negative view of law enforcement and the criminal justice system?
To what extent do you shape your own destiny, and how much is down to fate?
What food or type of food is on your bucket list? Regardless of legality, ethics, or fantasy.
Take a song and make it about food. What does it sound like now?
What awful movie do you love?
People of reddit who created black ppl twitter? What was the founder’s reason.
Programmers of Reddit, what are the most annoying things movies interpret about programming slash hacking?
[Serious] To those who have fallen out of contact with loved ones (dead or living), what is your last message that you need them to know?
Had the Vietnam protestors been on college campuses today, would they be protesting, and against which wars?
If you could have children with one inanimate object. Which object would you have kids with?
What language do babies think in?
[Serious] What are some experiences of men who have suffered from eating disorders?
What are the benefits to owning a slow cooker?
Why we fall in love and sacrifice everything for love ?
Gastronomers /travellers, what has been the surprisingly tasty food that you've eaten, which would normally turn a person's stomach?
What's your weird food thing ?
Do you regret not having enough several lovers?
How did you find out that your crush didn't love you back?
What is the worst possible way you could die?
Besides people, what was something you fell in love with from the first experience.
Aliens are threatening to destroy the Earth unless you can show them one thing (food/art/music/movie/whatever) that will convince them not to. What do you show them?
What is the male version of horse girls?
What food goes with everything?
Do you miss being a kid? What do you miss most about being a kid, and if you could be a kid forever would you? Why or why not.
Do you choose to kill all the people smarter than you or dumber than you to save the human population.
What is the most nastiest school lunch you had and what was the best?
What you're "my parent are going to kill me," moment?
What is one movie Reddit loves to quote a lot?
What’s a loved Film / Television show that you found painfully average?
What made you laugh today?
Why are modern celebrities so boring like most of them don't even hang out with each other ?
How do you hold on, for even one minute more? [Serious]
Parents of Reddit, what super simple meal do you make that your kids love?
What’s a video game that you would love to live inside of?
What do you do to get attention from someone you love
Parents of Reddit, what is something you used to love doing before you had kids but have now had to give up?
As your taste buds mature, what food/drink/condiment do you love now that you once hated?
What is the difference between Visual Studio Code and Visual Studio Community?
What is it like to be in love?
We all know
What's one simple act of kindness someone could do to make your day brighter?
Would you rather be camping in cold weather stuck in a sleeping bag having to pee, or not tired on your phone late at night hungry af with no food to eat?
Police officers who have been forced to kill someone what happened and why?
What is the best food-based insults you have ever heard?
How would you feel if your roommate try to make you not order out because they don't want you spending money?
People who live mostly on take out food how do you vary your food schedule so you still eat healty?
What is the best purchase you’ve ever made at Target??
What do you do when there’s a hair in your food?
You are now being hunted by a killer... Freddy Kruger / Jason Voorhees / Michael Myers. Who's hunting you, and how do you ensure your survival?
Is it true that you never get over your first love???
which restaurant chain would you want to get a lifetime supply of food from ?
Who is the most underrated person in the world?
There are 5 love languages: Quality Time, Affirmation Words, Touch, Acts of Service, Gifts. What is your love language that is not on the list?
What would be the title of Trump's four year term in History books of the future?
Smokers of Reddit, what's that song you love to listen to while smoking? Also what's your favorite brand of cigarettes?
People with Tourette Syndrome, what's it like falling asleep? Do ticks become better/worse when it's time to sleep?
(Serious) Pro-Choicers of Reddit, would you also make your pets have an abortion if you didn't want the puppies?
If you could only eat 10 food ingredients, plus water, for the rest of your life, what would they be and why?
College dropouts what finally made you give up on college
What's a food you love to eat but others might find it unappealing based off appearance or texture
Redditors who have gotten suspended or expelled, what did you do?
What is something you love but brings back bad memories?
Am I the only one who splits their food evenly to each side of their mouth while chewing? I can't be the only one!
If you could make a movie, what would it be about?
What is the most frightening scenario you have been put into?
What's the last new food you tried that you ended up liking?
What is a frequently used plastic product that has an eco-friendly alternative that not a lot of people know about?
I noticed I’m more into spicy food when I’m sad. I wonder if this is a case for everyone?
What was your biggest "GODDAMNIT" moment?
[Serious] How do you get over extreme cases of Body Dismorphic Disorder?
What got you through college / school?
Marijuana consumers of Reddit, what was you best marijuana fuelled food creation?
People who were in love with someone they shouldn’t, how did you get over it?
What’s the best way to get a food dye stain out of white bedsheets (please help)
If you 4 days and no direct income to make $1000 to go visit a loved-one about to have a large surgery. How would you do it?
Since our pets can see and smell things we cannot: which area of danger did they warn you about?
Whats your craziest experience going to a fast food resteraunt?
What's with the 'points hidden' thing?
Does anyone have any hotel horror stories?
Women of Reddit, what trait of man genitalia you think you wouldn't be comfortable with if you were a man?
In your opinion, which video games have the best cinematics/trailers?
What food smells weird but tastes pretty good?
What’s the grossest fast food experience you’ve had?
What is the weirdest subreddit you know of?
Fast food workers of reddit, whats the worst thing you have seen happen when working?
What other countries besides the USA that likes (Real) Mexican food?
What is the smoothest way you ever got someone to send nudes?
Why do people ignore people who love them and love people who don't care about them?
What Do you love the most about Reddit?
Music lovers of Reddit: What's one song that has lyrics that make you genuinely feel something? Why?
When people say the news is more than entertainment, what else is it?
What would be your best tip for testing anxiety? Such as college exam.
What are good emo songs about leaving you friends for summer?
How does it feel when someone confesses their feelings for you, but you have no interest in them?
who do you love most, your pets or your children?
What is the ultimate food to eat when drunk?
How many toddlers could you take in a fight?
Redditors who have circumcised their pets: How is the hygiene now, and have there been any long term issues or improvements?
What celebrity would you love to see do porn?
Is it possible to find love on Reddit?
In your own words, how would you describe the game Death Stranding to somebody who hasn't heard of it?
When did you realize your SO was cheating on you?
What dish/food screams “firsts world” ?
What's something that you absolutely hate but everyone around you loves?
What is your 'Did i actually just get away with that' story?
What is the food that makes you have a orgasm in your mouth
To the people who are sick of hearing the same question on AskReddit, here's a new one for you. If every day at 2:23am you started lactating honey, and this only worked while you had a dick in your mouth and three toothbrushes in your anus, how would you use this to get my dad to love me again?
What normal food makes you gag if you try to eat it?
What book or book series do you love and you’re really upset that they have a small or nonexistent fandom?
Why everyone is ok to work for trust and love with pets, but not worth people?
I just recently found out I have some Royal lineage from England and Scotland if I ever met the queen with the same rules apply to me as everyone else we have some of the same relatives in the family tree ?
People on a relationship with somebody you don't love (anymore?): why?
If Reddit were a world, what countries would each subreddit be?
My partner says they like things about me a lot. However, a lot of the time its not what I want them to like about me. What traits do you want your loved ones or romantic partners to say they appreciate and like about you?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
/u/AutoModerator on Redditors, what do you wish you studied in college/went to college for? (Whether you attended or not)
What is the most f$&amp;@ed up thing you experienced in your first year of college?
U have a button that ends every evil on earth but everyone who you love dies, would you do it?
Can anyone help to find gloves for a co-worker with only 3 fingers on both hands? Maybe Vinal or Nitrile?
Name an ultra millennial activity you love.
Screwed up school, advice on getting in college.
What is the best way for an incel to get a lover ?
How do i tell my dad i failed my first 3 quarters at college?
What are some tips for college which are not very well known, but still very useful?
Calm People of Reddit, what’s something that truly pisses you off?
What's the most random thing you have ever said to someone, not related to whatever you were talking about?
What's your game plan when you play hide and seek ?
Canadians of reddit, what is your reasoning of bags of milk?
[SERIOUS] REPOST because none has answered yet: To the ones who have performed some kind of surgery or autopsy on an acquaintance/friend/loved one: what was your experience like?
Adults of Reddit, What advice would you give to people starting high school or college?
What's the largest amount of food you ate in one sitting?
What do you think of a young idealist who complains about peace violence and a culture of anti intellectual in certain parts of America?
What is one thing you hate and love about yourself?
How can a person promote self love and confidence?
Those who lived in a Fraternity house during college, what was the craziest thing someone did during a party?
For people who grew up in the 80s as teenagers, what was life like for you?
U.S. Citizens that went to a different country for college, what was the process like?
My wife and I took my iPhone to an Apple Genius Bar to replace the battery. The "genius" brought it back damaged, blamed me, then proceeded to sell me a new one.
People who are in relationships, but still use apps like Tinder, why do you do it?
What’s the most overrated fast food restaurant?
Is there a difference between the muppets and the cast of Sesame street
Women of Reddit, who do you love popping mens zits, especially on our backs?
What is the best fast food item?
Paranormal believers of reddit, what made you believe in ghosts(this is my kind of question.i am not trying to copycat,ok)?
What food did you depise or haven't eaten that you now came to love?
[Serious] kidnapping survivors, what advice do you have for someone who’s loved one recently survived a kidnapping.
If you were to make a chess set based on food, what would each piece be?
What is your worst experience you’ve ever had at a food service place. (Fast food, restaurants, ect)
Can anyone really love young?
You are now allergic to the last food that you ate. What would it be? and how annoyed would you be?
What's the most delicious meal you've ever made out of mostly or all nonperishable food items?
People of Reddit, What’s your strict rules at school?
Aliens land on earth and want to taste the most delicious food we have on offer. What meal do you recommend?
If you were given all the money you spent on college before you went, what would you have done different?
What song do you feel best describes how you feel about sex, love, and romance?
For those who were in a long-distance relationship due to college, how did you guys deal with the distance?
What’s your craziest story from your college dorm days?
You have the chance to change the National Anthem of your country into any song you like, what will you change it into?
What was the worst case of someone using a word/expression incorrectly that you’ve heard?
What do you know that you'd truly be better off not knowing, that you would un-know if you could?
Meatloaf famously sang "I would do anything for love, but I won't do that." What is "that" for you?
How does karma work?
How did you meet “the love of your life” what was so special about them?
Describe something you love without telling me what it is.
Redditors who are currently dieting right now, what food(s) break your temptation?
whats the weirdest thing you saw a kid do?
How do you remember the positions of the letters in the alphabet?
What was your ‘oh shit, I’m in love with this person’ moment?
In the land of the coined phrase “Eat Fresh”. How does “Can I have a little more” translate to “One extra Olive”?
What task perpetually comes to your mind that you never do?
Couples of Reddit who eat their partner’s food when their partner doesn’t like it but you keep doing it anyway...why???
Fastfood workers of Reddit, what should people know before they eat at your establishment?
How do you spark a taste for seafood?
What one weird/disgusting food that actually tastes good?
What are some games for only 2 players with cards or dice?
You're stuck in an eternal office building with nothing but flat soda and stale snack foods (chips, cookies and snack cakes) what do you do?
To people who did not have the chance to say goodbye to people who they lost, what would you have loved to say or do if you had the chance? [serious]
Historians of Reddit, were any discoveries or inventions, made twice unbeknownst to each party?
Reddit,last night I ate pasta and went to the ER because you can't eat pasta from your nose. Who's your least favorite nurse at Mary St.Hospital
Have you ever had a supernatural experinece? And if so how did your actions compare to the regular cliches of horror films?
What is the weirdest way you see someone eat their food?
[Serious] A murder happens in your neighborhood. Nothing is known of the details. Who would you suspect?
Why are poor people allowed to eat the same foods as those who aren’t poor?
What was your first experience of dealing with death and how did you handle it?
Book lovers of reddit, name a book which kept you glued till the last page &amp; kept you away from the internet?
Females of Reddit..would you rather be taken out for tacos or pizza?
Which foreign movie that you love more than your own country/language movie?
What is something you do that you hope everybody else does too so that you aren't weird?
What are your opinions or interests that would destroy your parents' love for you if they found out?
Pokemon lovers of reddit,Who do you want to have in sword/shield?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever done?
What do you think about Online programming courses with the story of the hero and antagonist? History motivates you to continue learning and discovering its next pieces. Do you know such courses?
What is the possibility that a Reddit user does well in college?
Ever feel like you bounce between heaven and hell in your life like that pong arcade game? How ya doin'?
What was your 15 seconds of fame?
People who dropped out of school/college, what is your success story?
What is the streetfood that is most consumed in your city. Let's see if reddit can guess your city. ( Mine is Döner Kebab btw)
What's the most overrated/underrated fast food restaurant's fries?
What’s the best food you ever eaten?
What is your absolute favorite fast-food item?
We've all tried to use reasoned arguments to change someone's belief or preconceived notions about politics or scientific issues. What is your most memorable story about it ?
You are on your deathbed. Your loved ones are gathered around you, tears streaming down their cheeks. The last text you sent are your last words. What do you say?
Where can i find programming podcast?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done out of boredom?
Why do leftists love Islam?
What songs do you like to sing to your pets?
You have 1 question to ask a deceased person. Who is the person and what is the question?
Reddit, Do you love your given name, hate it, indifferent?
What's a story you love telling?
What frivolous wish do you have today?
We all know what Chingrish is, what is it called when your language is mistranslated.
What terrible movie do you love?
When have you felt the most alive/passionate about life?
If you had to start life over again and could pick any real people throughout history for a dad and mom who would you pick?
What food(s) do you never get tired of?
fast food workers of reddit whats the worst or best food to get and why?
If an actor/actress started working in the porn industry, which one would be able to make a living out of it?
When did you realize that the "weird kid" was the "weird kid"?
What are some foods that you hate but wish u liked?
What would you do if you are doing the things you love but can't get any joy out of them due to depression?
Married Folks of Reddit, what's your love story?
Oily people of Reddit, what are some of the strangest and most uncomfortable places you have gotten zits?
What unconventional way does your SO show their love / compassion?
What are some random/odd deal maker/breakers for yall?
What is the most shocking thing that ever happened to you?
What will the fast food model look like in 50 years?
People of Reddit who genuinely love your job or profession: What do you do and how does it fulfill you?
What movie do you hate but love the soundtrack?
What is the most underrated song you love?
Dear potheads of Reddit, what's the most otherworldly experience you have had after smoking weed?
Dear People who got cheated on. Did you stay or leave? And if you stayed, did the relationship ever get back to normal?
[Serious] What do you want to change about your current life situation?
describe in sfw words/analogies, what your ideal vagina looks like.
I'm working on a course for 18 year olds about religion and looking for inspiration. Which (religion related) topics would you have wanted to be teached about when you were in high school?
How are you making your dreams come true?
Should I (F23) go to college and leave my toxic brothers business?
What is the best chirp you’ve ever heard at a sporting event?
Progressives of Reddit: When you provide free college to everyone, should that benefit include people who are not intelligent enough to do college coursework? Why or why not?
How do you buy a degree instead of going to college?
What is the most terrible thing your pets did?
If you were a professional athlete and just signed a $30 million contract, how much would you give your parents, assuming you had amazing parents?
What’s event scares you the most despite how unlikely it is?
What is the most overrated fast food restaurant?
Which villain have you loved but never rooted for?
What was the last subreddit you unsubscribed from, and why?
To those that have found the love of their life, how do you know when you’ve found them?
What is the BEST item in the frozen food section?
People of Reddit who use search engines other than Google, why? How is it like? Is there any benefits?
People of reddit, whats the weirdest food youve eaten and was it good?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve seen happen in real life?
What strange object(s) have you found inside your food/drinks?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Why do animals or pets always end up dying in movies?
What is one piece of advice you have gotten that helps other people, but not you personally? And why?
Which is the hardest for you to say: 1) I apologize 2) I need help 3) I love you 4) I was wrong ?
What do queer women think of body hair?
How do you react to spicy foods?
You can get $100,000 if you take a full-strength punch (with gloves) from heavyweight boxing champion Anthony Joshua. Where do you have him punch you and why? The area punched must be at least as large as Joshua's ungloved fist.
People of Reddit, if you knew you would die in 48 hours what would you do with those 48 hours?
What is the best food from your country?
What were you doing when you realized you were in love with your SO?
Fast food workers of Reddit what was the most annoying customer experience you ever had?
Fast food workers, what made you spit in a customer's food?
Who is the love of your life?
Insect lovers of reddit! Could a mosquito get intoxicated in any way if it drinks the blood from a person with alcohol or drugs in their circulatory system?
What’s the weirdest thing you have in your bag right now?
What fast food item today would have been considered to be a very nice restaurant item 100 years ago?
Owners of exotic pets, what's your best/worst experience you've had with your pet?
Hey reddit, what is your motto, like what do you live by?
In your childhood, what’s a food that you used to really love that you can’t believe you ate?
What's a place you would love to visit and why?
What weird sensory issues did you have as a child? Do you still have them?
Redditors who work in the food industry, what is the most bizarre order you have ever taken/made?
College admissions officers, have you ever had to rescind offers of admission? Why?
What you can do when your girlfriend gets married with someone else and you truly love her?
People who want to learn computer Science and have a degree what alternatives do they have if they cant afford a proper college/University (is the internet a viable option and if so where can you learn)?
What do you wish you'd done/ said with/ to a loved one before they passed away?
Redditors who participated in competitive cooking shows, what happened to the food that was cooked?
what is a kinky thing first turned you off but ended up liking it?
Wanted! Book suggestions. I love Urban Fantasy, Dystopian and light Steampunk
If you went back in time to the 1960s with nothing except the clothes on your back and $50 1963 Dollars, how would you prevent the assassination of JFK?
What is the worst thing a kid has done in a movie theater
What do you usually do with food leftovers?
What is the easiest sport?
What is the best fast food item?
How do you let go of someone you loved?
What is, by far, THE most underrated part about being in a relationship, that should get more love?
What screams “I’m Rich” ?
How's your 2019 going so far? How did you expect it to go?
How many of the same brand shoes do you own?
You have a week to try to get your girlfriend to fall back in love with you, what do you personally do?
How did you move on from the love of your life?
What was that one moment in a TV show that made you think “Why the fuck am I watching this”?
at what point or under what circumstance is it okay to give up on your crush/love interest having mutual feelings?
People of Reddit who have recorded themselves sleeping using an app like Sleep Talk Recorder, what’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in your sleep that was picked up by the app?
What are the weirdest food combinations that you love?
What fictional character would you love to beat the shit out of and why?
FastFood restaurant workers of reddit : What’s the worst thing you’ve done to someone’s food/drink , and why?
History lovers, What books would you recommend to anyone who wants to study the history of China, Rome, Greece, ETC.?
A foreign movie that you love more than your own language movie?
I'm 20. Got a respectable family fortune, never lived alone, &amp; have an ongoing college education, but I don't want any of that. I want to start from scratch. Was planning on moving out, getting a job, exploring myself and the world and reducing my carbon footprint. Thoughts?
What game do you love with passion? (No I didn’t steal his idea, I was inspired by it)
Men of reddit that this applies to How did you feel when you found out that the women you have had sex with (relationship, 1off, FB etc) aborted your child?
What is your favorite healthy meal that even picky eaters would love?
Parents of Reddit, how did you get your kids to eat veggies and other healthy food?
What would be your ideal food truck?
what is a food you can't stand but most people love?
What children's movie do you love as an adult?
What food will you absolutely not, under any circumstances, eat?
Animal lovers of reddit, what extremes have you gone through to save a pet?
pre-med student entering last real summer (3rd year of college). anything fun I should do (nothing like clubs necessarily) while I have the time (e.g. camping, fishing)?
What do you regret doing/not doing?
Non-fat people of Reddit: what are your eating habits and do you purposely make food decisions to avoid being fat?
Celebrity that everyone loves except you???
College-goers of reddit, why did you choose the college you did?
Men of Reddit, how does a relationship feel to you? Is there a difference in love between after two months and a year?
If we were all robots what would your specific programming for your life be?
Is adversity necessary for glory?
people of reddit, what is love?
So yesterday one of my family members came home with Lice and I saw she has an infestation 😖 Luckily I don’t have anything but my other 4 family members all have lice too but not that bad and google isn’t any help with its mixed reviews, so does anyone know any remedies to this madness at my house?
What (non-porn) film do you love but are ashamed to admit to others?
When was the moment that you realize you were completely over somebody you had love for or had strong feelings for?
Where can i find the best cat food for sensitive stomach problem ?
How many unread emails are currently in your inbox(s)?
Are there any video games that put you in a better mindset or get you a little more energized/willing to do things?
What is your favorite subject to talk about? And why do you love it so much?
What was the most expensive thing you bought that years later you still say to yourself "I love this thing"?
Should interest be illegal?
What's a food that you wish you enjoyed, but don't?
What random, non-toy objects have your pets or children decided are the best toy(s) ever?
Blind people of reddit, do you dream in braille
What word do you love the sound of?
What is something you love doing but you hate it when others do it also?
college graduates, what were the first 6 months after graduation like for you?
What is your favorite festival food?
If you woke up and found yourself turned into a sentient piece of food, what kind of food would you be AND would you try to take a bite of yourself?
What’s the most bizarre, surprisingly delicious food and/or seasoning combinations you’ve ever eaten?
What is your wierdiest food combination but actualy tastes good?
What is the most delicious, flavourful, amazing food/dish you’ve ever had?
I am a closeted crossdresser who loves Indian clothes. Any suggestions on how to get clothes stitched (blouse, salwar-kameez, etc)?
What is something you would say to someone going through a difficult time to make them feel better (kindness will save the world &lt;3) ?
Imagine if
Other Than Money, What Else Have You Gained From Your Current Job?
What food could you eat everyday and never get tired of it?
How did you get over your first love?
Hey Reddit, what’s some off-brand foods you enjoy more than the name brand versions?
Why do Americans really love Donald Trump and the republican party?
What is love?
Music-lovers of reddit, what's your favorite piece of classical music, or one that really impacted you?
What is the most you've ever ordered (either in quantity or cost) from a fast food restaurant?
Which food produces the stinkiest farts of them all?
What is something everybody unanimously disagrees on?
If humans were limited to our physical abilities without tools, where would we be on the food chain?
As a high school student who wants to go straight into the workforce, I’m looking for a bigger city, with little to no snow, not too bad crime rates, and decently affordable studio apartments. Are there any places you’d recommend? (Don’t recommend colleges either, not happening)
What’s the biggest “you had one job” moment in history?
What are basic interview questions?
I fucking love you or I love fucking you?
What did or do you hate most about college?
What is the worst possible response to "I love you?"
How much you all love spiderman?
What food is fun to use during Sex?
What's a good use of your free time during college?
What food do you hate now that you liked as a kid?
What is one thing that has happened to you that has made you a stronger person?
What kind of pizza can you come up with? How would you make it?
Dear Reddit, what’s your weirdest most favorite combination of food items that you enjoy?
What's your favorite video game without using its name and only stating what you love about it?
What was your favorite food as a child?
Feeling motivated stuck in a unmotivated lifestyle, what should to do instead of sitting around playing games smoking pot and watching trailer park boys?
You get three wishes. You can't wish for more wishes, you can't wish for anyone to fall in love with you, and you can't wish anyone back from the dead. Yea, it's basically the genie from Aladdin giving you three wishes, except there is no genie that needs your help. What do you wish for?
How true is this statement: "Distractions prevent you from reaching your potential"?
I don't know where else to turn, reddit. I have 1,000 coins from receiving gold and platinum, but can't award silver. What is wrong here?
Where do pencils go after you drop them?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is the best and worst foods in your restaurant and why?
[Serious] How can you tell if your “running away from love”?
What band did you hate at first, but grew to love?
How would you know that he really loves you or he's just playing with you and your feelings?
How to survive college and debt?
Whats an old piece of technology you miss?
Reddit, do you like eating your food together or separate?
Reddit, what person, who would do the most good for the world deserves to be reborn with a second life?
What is most awkward way you’ve been asked out a date/prom?
What are your thoughts on waiters having a bandaid on their finger while serving your drinks and food?
What are your favorite ways to show love and appreciation to your significant others?
If you had to eat only one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
I love hamburger with pikle?
Why is food considered an important part of culture?
What's the evilest truth or dare question you got asked?
How did you love and lose?
CS Students of Reddit - What computer programming concepts did you find particularly confusing or difficult to learn? How did you figure it out?
What is the coolest thing you ever did at summer camp?
What do you store in the "glove" compartment of your car?
How did you meet your first love and how did you end up together?
What was your "damn I love this girl/boy" moment?
What are some weird songs you guys absolutely love? I started making a playlist of songs that seem to only be catchy to me and I want to see what you guys are listening to?
Music lovers of Reddit, what was the moment you heard a song that made an impact on you? And which song?
Any rich fucker want to pay for my college?
How/Would you try to escape if you were stranded on an island or would you try to stay and survive?
What are some words that you love, and some ones that you hate?
What is something you love, but wish it didn't exist?
What's something I should definitely do once I get into college?
Fight for what you love.
What is the best piece of love/dating advice you have ever received?
[Serious] American Citizens of Reddit, should our President be decided based of Popular Vote, basically should we get rid of the electoral college? And why?
My local Wally World has a gaming computer set up in electronics. What games should I install on it?
Teachers of reddit, what is one thing you hate(d) that your students do?
Americans of reddit who never tip but order food delivery everyday, why?
Ya boi wants to ask out a girl
What is your “wish someone was here to see this” moment?
Students of Reddit. What is the dumbest thing your school banned and why?
What is something everyone hates but you love?
What is something your parents do that you hate but you know it’s because they love you?
If you had telepathic powers, who's mind would you most love to read and who's mind would you stay away from reading? Why?
What old school things do you love more then modern things?
what's the perfect food combination In your Opinion ?
Mixed people of reddit, did you ever have identity issues growing up, why or why not?
What is your worst college experience?
Scavenged
Wrong answers only: how do you show/tell your crush that you love them?
Deep thinkers of Reddit, how did you resolve some of your most deeply held beliefs when challenged by science?
What is a random fact that you love?
Those of you who have gone to college or work at one, what is something that we should know before applying or going?
What makes the game MLBB Fun?
What’s the worst case of peaking in high school/college that you’ve seen?
From childhood through adulthood what major changes have you experienced in which foods you did, or do, enjoy or not?
How can you tell that you've fallen in love?
Even if you and your partner love each other, what are some red flags of a toxic relationship?
Rather than devouring family sized bags of chips, what are some foods that you can be eaten a lot in one sitting without worry?
People of reddit, what is some you took for granted and then once it was gone you were really unhappy about?
What's a problem happening right now that no one is talking about?
If you were to leave your SO or loved ones (forever) for something, what would it be and why?
Which PET made the most impact in your life ? How ?
Where is the love?
In a 3-Gun competition, how far can Keanu Reeves get, given his training at Taran Tactical?
Men of reddit, what would you like your partners to understand about you?
What joke from a popular tv show or movie have you never understood, but have been too afraid to ask for an explanation elsewhere?
Why did you fall in love with the person you are in love with?
What drawing software would you recommend for Mac?
What is that one movie that everyone loves except you?
[Serious] Widows of reddit, what's it like to fall in love again?
What did you minor in in college and why?
What is making you unhappy now? and what would it take to improve your situation?
first post, found on r/AskReddit :)
My roommate keeps vaping on my food. He will blow it in pizza boxes, on my noodles, not sure what to do about this. Looking for some help. How would you handle this?
What are some English foods/ snacks, meals you’ve tasted and loved ?
Doctors of Reddit, what’s the weirdest excuse somebody has given for a situation?
not what this is meant for but can someone tell me what i have to do in college to work at an exotic animal sanctuary?
Dear redditors, who’s the best band of all time?
Retail/fast food workers, do you keep a few of the receipts that customers don't want and submit good reviews of your store and yourself?
If you could groundhog day any day you've already lived, which one would you choose, and why?
college students, at what time do you usually sleep and wake up?
Who do you think would win in a sword fight between Ron Jeremy and Shaquille O’Neill?
What are some fast food hacks?
What is an exsample of true love?
What's something you could post in one sub and get spam upvoted for, but would get spam downvoted for it in another sub?
Why did you break up with someone you genuinely loved?
What is your favorite "non breakfast food" to eat for breakfast?
What was your "I wonder what will happen if I press this button" story?
Flowergirls/ridesmaids of Reddit; what did they have to promise you for you to do it?
People who popped the big question and got a hard no, what ensued after that and how did it impact your life ?
What's fun to give, but not receive?
What life pro tip have you learned from r/TIFU?
Reddit, what are the legal consequences of defending yourself if you are assaulted in public?
How important is it for you to marry someone who has there life together (college degree, good paying job, financially stable, clean, kept together, intelligent)?
Which video game character doesn’t get enough love?
Is there a band whose views you don’t agree with but love their music?
What are some killer Cereal facts/ killer facts about Cereal that you find extremely interesting?
What is your weird exam story or experience?
What was your weirdest flex?
What's the one food that you loved as kid, but can't stand as an adult?
Some books/movies have great original ideas, but ultimately fall flat. Which one would you love to see remade by a new author who could do justice to those ideas. Optionally, which new author would you pick?
For what words to your loved one you are ashamed now ?
What are some mew/first job tips and tricks you have for someone?
Redditors, in this era of dating apps, how do you find love?
What are some good free s** sites that dont require verification?
Redditors diagnosed with ADHD as adults, how did your life change after you started taking medication for it?
People of Reddit, what are some of the funniest voice mixings you’ve heard in YTPs?
What does it feel like to fall in love?
[SERIOUS] Those who dropped out of school or college , what's your story?
What is the singular pronunciation for one piece of the OTC medication 'TUMS'?
What is one item one should bring to college as an incoming freshman?
Time to settle this, what’s the best country?
Share the story of the pets you lost?
What food/beverage do people either love or hate with no in between?
Atheists with 'christian' SOs, how did you deal with your partner's family and their insistence to baptize your children? [Serious]
When was the moment you realised that you loved someone?
How did you cope with the loss of a loved one to suicide?
What do men think about when girls flirt with their eyes?
What it a popular food you have never tried before?
What a good what to do college algebra math?
Women, what is that one little thing that your partner does that you love so much?
What is your special food all the time?
Is there a way to hide photos on an iPhone?
What's the most disgusting thing you've found in your food?
Why is your dad the greatest?
What’s the most disgusting food you were forced to taste as a child?
What is the weirdest food combination you ever seen someone eat?
What local restaurant, only in your area, has some of the best food you’ve ever had and what’s your favourite meal to get there?
People who've taken 'Criminal Justice' in college, what were the hardest part of the courses?
For those who have lost parents or loved ones how did you find out?
For people who travel a lot for work, what's your job? How did you end up in that role?
People who use reddit without an account why won't you answer this question?
If the Trump administration started executing illegal immigrants at the border do you think right wing militias fight them or help them?
Movie Theater Workers of reddit. What’s your horror story?
What's your opinion on the moon?
Programmers of reddit, after you start being a professional and programming becoming your source of income, does it keep being challenging or it just becomes a no-brainer like a lot of jobs out there?
Have you ever fell in love with a friend of yours after years of friendship ? If so , what happened ?
Hello dear stranger, thank you for sorting by new and hope you’re doing great. What do you think about smiling for three seconds?
Follow up to a previous food question: how are so many foods from the nordic region &amp; Iceland unpalatably disgusting to foreigners, yet enjoyed by locals?
What did you love as a kid that’s not as good as you remember?
What is the Craziest thing you've seen someone do for love?
People who have moderately to high-paying jobs that don't necessarily fall under your degree from college--what is it that you do and what led you to doing it?[Serious]
You can get into any show you have seen, which show would it be?
What do you think is the greatest song/soundtrack from a video game?
What gourmet food did you find disappointing? What was truly worth the price?
What TV show did you love as a kid that didn’t live up to the hype when you watched it as an adult?
Guys shuld i tell my crush i like her?
Have you ever wished someone a Happy Father's Day that wasn't a father? What was their reaction?
What’s a food that you hated when you were little, but love now?
Would you rather your child be dumb or ugly?
What would you write if you gonna write a love letter / text to your celebrity crush ?
Would you rather be poor forever and have all the food you want that is amazing tasting but you never get fat; or you are rich but everything you eat tastes like literal shit?
Redditors, out of experience, why is love dangerous? What is the worry love could possibly do to an individual?
What’s the most memorable event from your childhood?
What's your skill/talent that you love to do in private but hate to do in public?
Whats a good app for meme making on mobile devices?
Fellow redditors, what kind of features or benefits would make you fall in love with Boeing (the plane company) and what would you love to see happen company-wide?
Which two video game villains would you love to see fight?
How has getting sober changed your life for the better? I am 8 months sober and can’t begin to explain all the the positive changes I’ve experienced already. I love hearing other people’s struggles they encountered as well all of the positive changes.
What makes swear words so bad?
What foreign food do you like but others hate?
Students of Reddit, what was the one thing that you waited for into college but disappointed you the most?
How will humanity destroy itself?
When was one time you almost died for a stupid reason?
What’s your pets name??
Would you consider Yoshi to be a Pokémon?
Masseuses of reddit, have your customers ever asked for an happy ending and if so, how did they ask? Tell us your stories
What's one food everyone seems to love but you hate?
What's some of the best love advice you can give?
Describe the Instagram account you love hate without doxxing or naming the account.
Driving instructors of Reddit, tell us your story of learners which you would have revoked to get their license if you had the Chance.
If you could destroy one food/dish/ingredient from the earth for being so disgusting what would it be?
Parents of Reddit, what is something you love about your child’s school?
How do you tell someone that your not in love with them anymore?
I learned today that "going out for cigarettes/a pack of smokes" is the same thing in English as in French : a euphemism for somebody walking out and leaving for good under the cover of a non-suspicious errand. Does your language have the same expression?
Have you ever loved someone more than should or in a way that you shouldn’t, and couldn’t tell him/her how you feel? How did you cope?
What food commercial always makes you hungry when you see it?
What is the weirdest experience you’ve had in a locker room?
Redditors, what do you wish you studied in college/went to college for? (Whether you attended or not)
Has anyone here ever fallen in love with someone in a relationship, what did you do?
What food combination do you love, but everyone else thinks it's disgusting?
What food was the craziest for humans to try?
What is a place or thing that pictures will never do justice?
People who legitimately love your job, what is it and what makes it something you enjoy?
If you can spend 1 day with a loved one who has passed away, who would it be and how would you spend your time with them?
What do you feel about this sentence "This too shall pass" which can give hopes to people struggling now, can also make people equally sad who are smiling at present?
What is the worst movie you've seen get the most success?
When you don't feel like doing anything, What you do?
If you went 15 years without having sex would you tell your next partner?
What makes you anxious?
What are some job ideas for someone with a high school degree, (who can't afford to retrain) besides fastfood, retail, call center or care giving?
If programming languages were countries, what would each country be like? And where would you want/hate to live?
People who graduated college in 2008, how hard was life during the recession? Where did you end up because of it?
North Americans who’ve visited Europe, what made you go “WTF”?
What food would make the best weapon and why?
[serious] What is something you wish all Redditors knew about?
Without using the name of the food or the name of the ingredients in it, what is your favorite meal?
How were your 30's compared to your 20's?
What is something that happened to you that made you feel left out/lonely?
What are some fast food promotions that can get me free food and make me less poor/more fat?
Waiters/waitresses of reddit. How often do things out of your control such as food quality result in a less than desired tip? How do you try to mitigate the situation?
Friendship
What’s the most difficult thing you had to do when you were feeling lazy? How dis it go?
Is there any way to know if you’ve found real true love, or is it something you just feel?
What song did you love for ages and have only just realized you have been butchering the lyrics of?
Why do some people fake love?
What's something you love about someone else?
Which was one of those times when circumstances were completely out of your hand and all you could do was keep trying and keep pushing?
What is the strangest/interesting fact you know?
You're stuck on a desert island for the rest of your life with a lifetime supply of fresh water and a lifetime supply of one food ingredient, what is that food ingredient?
What is the most disturbing thing you ever saw in public?
What food can you eat without getting tired of it?
What are some foods normally eaten hot that you like cold? Or foods that are cold you like hot?
Does microwave radiation cause cancer? is 5G going to cause massive medical problems?
Do you blame your parents for anything, and if so, what?
Why does Reddit hate moderates like Joe Biden so much and love hard leftwing people like Bernie?
You download Uber Eats and use the code ‘eats-pxbshj‘ What free food are you getting?
What were your weirdest food cravings you’ve had?
Self-built billionaires and successful entrepreneurs of Reddit, which market you predict is booming in the near future?
My friends study hard sciences like biology, nursing, and physics. I study economics, and while I love it they make jokes about how I'm not "smart" because it's different. What are some sources (podcasts, subreddits, etc.) that I can use to broaden my intellect? They might be jokes, but they hurt?
What are some words, terms or sayings only old people say?
What is something you SO does that you love/hate but will never tell them?
Do you enjoy watching big dick porno? Why or why not?
What is the biggest difference between high school and college?
What do you tell yourself to get mentally back on track when you're behind in a game?
People of Reddit who own pets, what is a seemingly normal thing that you do when they’re around but not in the presence of other people?
What was the most valuable thing you stole in your childhood?
Is the worldwide fast food industry, a monopoly (McDonald’s), an oligopoly, or neither?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, what has been the biggest accident at your workplace involving food or drink?
People who work at Goodwill or similar, what's the nicest stuff you've seen people donate?
What mental tricks do you have to get rid of anxiety, stress or anything that's an inconvenience to the way you think?
Redditors, what childhood cartoon or live-action sit-com still gives you the creeps if you just here the intros to that show?
Hey Reddit, how do you strengthen the bond and increase the love between to people in a relationship? (Including platonic relationships, just anyone you want to be close to)
What was the last thing you learned about yourself, sexually?
F26 best friend of 8 years F28 I love her but I'm afraid to damage the relationship.
What’s on your bucket list if you have one and if you don’t what would you put on one?
College Admissions Officers, what are the standout strangest and worst college essays you’ve had to read?
What is that one sound that you love and helps you relax and one sound that you just can't stand?
Are only-organic food consumers just as paranoid an anti-vax moms? Who or why not?
What underhanded thing do you still feel happy about doing?
What is why Whitest first name in existence?
If Glover had 5 fingers, would the 5th one be a dick?
What's the weirdest combination of foods that taste good together.
What is something that you really need from from your friends, family and loved ones?
Everybody on the planet disappears except for you. What is the first thing you would do?
If you could make ONE teleport to somewhere and back from there where would you go?
I really need some SERIOUS advice about this. What can I make or buy for my boyfriend as a gift to show him my love for him?
Will there be enough food to go around if everyone became vegetarian or vegan?
What is somthing you hated the first time doing, but love now?
What song did you absolutely love but now hate?
What name is so much better if you swap the first letters of each name, for example Bed Tundy, Gonald Dlover?
What's something you do that's not necessarily wrong but you still feel the need to confess?
People who went to an “expensive” and “prestigious” American college, is it worth it? Are your education and experiences valued at what you paid? And state school and community college students, do you wish you had gone elsewhere?
What did you get your father for Father's day?
Excluding gilding, how do you thank users on Reddit?
Gamers of reddit. What is a game you have trouble playing because of a loved on death?
love?
Who are some great male/female musical duos?
What is The Most Obscure Game You Like, and Why Should it Have More Fans/Players?
Europeans of Reddit, What is are things that are normal for Americans to have in their house but is not common in Europe?
What hobby or activity would you personally love to invest time in, if only you had the opportunity?
Most hand-made food is always better than processed foods, but what processed foods do you prefer?
what is your go-to snack/food combination?
U.S. Voters, what is your argument on keeping or getting rid of the electoral college?
Redditors with a 'real' job and love it: What do you do?
Westerners of Reddit who have been to India. What is your take on the food, is it all really spicy, do you have a story?
What “chore” do you secretly love doing?
What minor things make you angry for some reason?
What is a personality trait about yourself that you love?
What's something you love that everyone else hates?
When and how did you know you fell in love with someone?
Girlfriends/wife of reddit what’s something sexual your boyfriends/husbands kept pestering you about that you did and loved it but you told them you hated it?
Reddit, what is something your parent fed you as a kid that you loved, but didn’t realize was really weird until you got older?
People of reddit, where can you meet new people realistically?
/u/AutoModerator on Men, if women had penises along with vaginas, would you get ass fucked by them?
What is the most useless job some people still get paid for?
Why can't I find the Eddie Winter holotape 4?
If you could eat as much as you want of one food without gaining a single pound, what food would you choose?
What would you do if your roommate takes your food and asks you if it's okay after she takes but she's an old lady so you don't want to yell at her?
What are some real life “cheat codes” that have helped you in your life?
If an apocalypse were to happen, what would be the first thing you would do?
Kitchen workers of reddit, how often do employees spit or do something gross to food?
Who was the most influential person in history?
What is the strangest or most messed up thing that has ever happened in your school locker room.
To those who have been through grief, what advice would you give to those who have recently lost a loved one?
A triathlon traditionally consists of swimming, cycling then running. What 3 activities would you combine for a much more interesting event?
What is your opinion about love and how old are you?
[Serious] Nutritionists of Reddit, what foods have magical powers?
What songs did you hear as a kid but recently found out what they actually were about? (All about them sexy times)
What are you tips for a recent college grad that is moving across the country?
According to the popular song, “I would do anything for love, but I won’t do that”. What is “that”?
Reddit, whats the craziest thing you've done for love?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what was the strangest request you've ever gotten?
Dear Reddit, what is the most underrated food to you?
In your opinion do you think it’s wrong for your friends to check you out in a provocative way?
What animated food looks absolutely delicious?
Which movie, that is widely regarded as terrible, do you love?
Fast food workers, what’s your rudest customer experience?
What's the biggest thing you've ever lost/misplaced?
[Serious] How can someone help a loved one with PTSD?
What's the dumbest life philosophy you've ever heard?
Is there anybody who loves their job? What does it feel like?
If you curated a playlist to be played for a room full of strangers, what would your goal from it be (ie to calm them down, make them laugh, shock and confuse them, emotionally move them, send a message, etc)?
If I eat. A small amount of glass by accidentally drinking will I be ok? I’m scared to go to the doctor
How can I help my dog be happy?
What is a song you cant skip when it comes on and why?
The Incredibles was released in 2004. I was 5 then. Violet in movies was 14. I loved her. The Incredibles 2 was released last year. I was 19. Violet still 14. So if I still love her, will I become a pedophile?
How do you give less fucks in life?
Need a book suggestion for a high school graduate that likely wont be going to college to prepare him for the real world? AKA doing taxes, buying a car, finding an apartment? Like a helpful book
Why is love so important?
Dick lovers of reddit: Does size matter?
What's the next generation smartphone standard features ?
If you had nothing, absolutely nothing (no money, no food, no water etc.) and someone gave you 100$ what would you do with that money?
What's the best Song?
What are some low maintenance pets that makes great companions?
What is the most scarring thing you have seen on FiftyFifty?
Do I tell my friend (Adam) that his ex-wife (Mara) ended their marriage 3 years ago because she decided she was in love with one of his friends? They're not together now and Adam is with someone else, but several people know about this - is it better to know the truth, or continue in ignorant bliss?
Should I do what I'm good at or what I love doing?
People who have worked at an "all you can eat" buffet: what is the longest period of time someone has stayed in there eating food?
What embarrassing, disgusting, or otherwise odd habit did you pick up in college, and secretly continue to do today?
What are some of the best underground artists/bands from the 60’s and 70’s that never made it big?
Hey reddit, how many people love to get back/neck massages from their SO and what advice would you give to make them more enjoyable?
What’s your best paradox?
Who's more dangerous, a man with nothing to lose or a man with everything to lose?
What helps with pain after surgery (acl reconstruction) ?
[Serious] What stereotype applies to you?
For those of you who have been heartbroken by someone you were in love with, how has it changed you when it comes to dating now?
What is love?
If you could travel anywhere, where would it be?
People who have participated in sites like ancestry.com what where your results and how did it change your life?
What is the most amazing thing one of your pets has done?
when did you realize you were in love?
My boyfriend wants to know if anyone has tried crispy cat food and what they thought of the taste?
What is something that people either love or hate?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the grossest thing about your work?
What does the mandarin text mean?
You are allowed to ask one person, dead or alive, a question and you’ll get a 100% truthful answer. Who and what do you ask?
What are some things you should know before you enter college?
How did you first tell someone that you were in love with them? What was their reaction?
Redditors, when and how did you find your purpose in life?
What's the deal with comic sans
S/Os of any kind of substance abuser, how has their addiction affected your relationship? Are you still together?
Is not wanting a transgender partner transphobic or a preference?
people who have no access to technology and have never used it, how do you feel?
What do you love most about a foreign culture? And why
What resort would you recommend for college students in Mexico?
What do you think Jack &amp; Rose’s love story would be like if the Titanic didn’t sink?
If you could choose one food dish to taste absolutely amazing every time what would it be?
People who hated anime, what show/game/manga/ etc. made you love anime?
People who have visited South America, where was it and what was the most mesmerising food you ate?
What do you just not get about your own culture?
How you label the 2010s with all the stuff that happened at the decade?
What does love feel like to you?
What would you make in a Master chef finale?
How long did it take you to finish college? Why?
What's a spur-of-the-moment decision you later regretted because of the unforeseen consequences?
Do you think it’s wrong to collect Nazi memorabilia for purely historical purposes?
Travel oriented YouTube channels like Mark Wiens with less emphasis on the food?
How do you celebrate 4th of July? Do you love or hate the 4th of July? Why or why not?
What's the first thing you would do if you were God?
Knowing that everyone is on a different time schedule, here currently 1:26am CST, why are you up so late?
Users of reddit, what is your thank god I’m short/tall moment?
What’s super soft?
Former Wendy's workers of reddit, what is in the frostie that makes it the (in my opinion ) best fast food ice cream/milkshake?
College students/staff, what should teens and young adults know about getting into college?
What are some of the best ways to make money in college?
You gain the ability to shapeshift, you can transform into whatever you want and stay that way or turn back anytime you want however you can only choose one thing to shapeshift into. What do you choose?
Why doesnt the sound of dogs noisily eating their food ok, but human that are noisy eaters are infuriating?
Im feeling quite sad so can you please poat pictures of your animals/pets/friends?
What do you do to get over a very strong love interest?
What was the answer that you wrote here made you blush the most?
What is a food you hate but everybody else actually love?
What’s something you’ve done that you don’t regret but wouldn’t do again?
What word have you only heard you family use?
Comedians of Reddit, are college campuses truly no longer worth playing?
How do you get rid of a bin bag so disgusting it makes you sick? Lovely flat mates have left a bin full of rotten food and flies now they’ve gone for summer
What’s a food that smells really good and tastes really good, but when you’re finished you regret eating it?
Big or small, what is one kind (or many) thing that you have done for another person, stranger or loved one? Tell me about your beautiful stories!
How do you spend your day off?
Anyone know any decent subreddits for Dogs or English Bulldogs?? Looking to bring some needed cheer with some lovely photos. ???
Scent lovers of Reddit, what is your favorite smell when it comes to hand soaps, air fresheners and etc.
Worse/Best thing that has happened after spending a day gambling?
What food could you eat the longest before the lack of variety would drive you insane?
What film never fails to put a smile on your face?
Why do we fall in love?
If you were suddenly thrust back in time to the Middle Ages, what skills experiences and knowledge would you use to survive and thrive?
If you were sick and were going to die; would you tell your loved ones, would you hide it, or would you make them hate you so it may hurt them less?
When they calculate the average food waste per year and condiments count, there could be literal tons of ketchup being weighted the same as a steak
People who found success without college, how’d you do it?
What TV show is loved by your country but is relatively unknown to the rest of the world?
What is the most random combination of foods that you’ve made which actually turned out to be tasty?
What would happen if you put a few mentos up your butt and then bonged a liter of Diet Coke?
Why do people like sparkling water?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
Ex-Retail Workers and Ex-Fastfood employees whats the dumbest thing you have seen someone get fired for or you have got fired
Advice on how to deal with the loss of a loved one?
What would make you melt if a person who likes you said it to you?
Most weird food combo you like?
Do you know ann application where you can store your meal plan? Every food application is only about planning your meal plan, but i want an app where i can take a picture and some text for every food i eat a day, so i can watch what i ate for example week ago, do you know about something like that?
Nostalgic people of Reddit, what is your fondest childhood memory?
Do you say stuff to loved ones in the heat of arguments online/text that you never would in person?
Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit? What’s the most awkward situation you’ve ever been involved in with a table?
What’s the most interesting bachelor/bachelorette party story you know?
Fast food workers or servers, what can I do as a customer to make things as easy as possible for you?
Who’s a YouTuber that you love and provides interesting new content?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What was the worst holiday you had?
What song do you love but makes you sad?
Can you describe the first time you fell in love and how did it end up?
You have a date with a young Samuel Jackson tonight at 8. What food are you ordering?
Whats the best food to bring camping?
What's the hardest part of doing what you love at your job?
What is the craziest thing you've done to impress a girl?
What are your tactics for actually closing the Reddit app or browser?
What was the dumbest/illogical reason a fight broke out in your school?
How do you deal with social anxiety?
What is something that you do that you can't stand when someone else does it?
If misery loves company, what does pleasure love?
What’s a snack you love but they becomes gross after eating too many?
What is a love song that gives you the feels?
I don't know about anyone else but I tend to question and overthink my food choices almost every single day. Am I only the one? How do you deal with it?
How do you cope with the grief of losing a loved one?
What is your college roommate horror story?
What do you have to offer to a potential significant other?
If you had to pick one food/ingredient and you could only eat that for a week, what would you pick?
Choir kids, what was the hardest song you ever had to sing in high school or college?
If you could go back, would you go to college?
Why do you love or hate Apple?
Why boys fall in love with elder girl..?
What some underrated songs that you love?
Flash forward to your 25 year college reunion. What throwback does the DJ drop to send you back to your college days?
What dog breed is the most common dog mascot used in college sports?
What is your most amazing food experience?
[Serious] Domestic pets of reddit, how are you reading this?
What’s the best non-traditional combination of foods?
Is college actually fun?
What was your first love experience like?
What was your first job out of college, and where are you now?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what food or product do you have in your country that America doesn’t?
Cashiers in grocery stores, what is the weirdest food combinations that you've seen a customer purchase?
Food scientists of Reddit, what is something most people don’t know about processed/packaged food products?
What is your most awkward sexual experience with your loved one?
What's your most frequently recurring dream?
What movie character, if they were real, could take over the world?
College students of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing that happened at your college (or university)?
(Americans,) what is something you love and what is something you hate about the US?
If you have volunteered at a food bank, what's the most expired thing that someone has donated?
How do I get started programming? (Looking for a career change.)
How is the dating life in foothill college?
What delicious food combination do you really enjoy, that people around you often find crazy/strange?
What, in your opinion, is the best depiction, description, or rendition of food or the culinary arts in any form of media (picture, drawing, movie, book, poem, etc.) What is something that you think captures the spirit of food for in your opinion or culture?
What would be the first thing you do if you get transported to another world?
Why did you have your food sent back to the kitchen?
I'm kinda new to reddit, what does OP mean?
How do you live with a family member who’s been dealing with depression?
What's the story behind your pets name?
Teachers of Reddit: What's the single stupidest research topic a student of yours has written a paper on?
you can easily install mspylite on your iPhone and use it?
Reddit, what is it about your pets or animals that make you appreciate them so much?
What are you most proud of?
People on Reddit who love abuse porn and other rough stuff are you really sadistical irl too?
What's the dumbest thing you've heard today?
What food that is universally liked but you don't?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is one thing that your pets have done to make you do something for them?
Pokémon fans of reddit, what made you fall in love with the franchise/your favorite Pokémon?
I work in a restaurant and my coworkers young son stays in our chemical room all day because they don't have a babysitter. He interrupts his mother while she is taking orders and making customers food by coming onto the work floor and yelling "Mom" until she listens. What would you do/say?
What would you like your epitaph to be?
What is a food combination that seems disgusting but is actually delicious?
What food did you hate as a child but love as an adult?
People of Reddit who enjoy good food more than sex, what do you enjoy eating the most?
What is something you REFUSE to buy and why?
What food used to be better before they changed the recipe?
Smart people of reddit, are opened dry foods tainted by big bombing?
It is said that every person has a bit of “magic” in them, whether it be that they always make the perfect cup of coffee no matter what machine they’re using to walking flawlessly in heels over grates. What’s your magic?
Is is easier to love or hate? Why?
What's your weirdest favorite food?
Is this time saved by ordering fast food greater or less than the time you lose from the end of your life for eating it?
[Serious] if Bernie Sanders gets elected and plans to eliminate all student debt, what is stopping everyone from applying to college and pulling out the maximum amount prior to legislation being passed?
When was the moment you realized that you were unattractive?
Which beloved historic or public figure you hold in a less than stellar regard?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s your most horrible experience you’ve had?
If you could eradicate anything what would it be?
What is stopping someone on a flight to start selling their own food or products to the passengers?
What’s a memory you will never forget?
Which moment/event/news made you the most happy the last year?
If you could change 1 letter in you name which one would it be and why
If someone you loved all your life was killed in front of you, but someone created an exact copy of them that was perfect head to toes, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
People of Reddit, What's the weirdest combination of foods you enjoy?
What do people spend on food for a family of four in the week?
Teachers of reddit what was the dummest student you ever meet?
James' or James's?
College students, how many hours a day do you spend at college?
What’s one thing about your best friend everyone else hates but you love?
Does anyone have good food combinations that they think other people would like to try?
People who work all day in scrubs: do you love it or hate it?
What’s your favorite insult?
What was the most beautiful thing your beloved one did/showed to you (this can be a small thing, that made you really happy)?
What are the stereotypes about Americans that are accurate?
What foods do you wish you liked?
What was the one, single most valuable lesson you learned in college that made your entire degree worth it?
What's your weirdest/wtfest memory of visiting India?
What did people always assume you were bad at, but you weren’t at all?
Students of reddit...
How do you deal with being lovesick?
How do you not let people ruin your day?
How to eat food?
What's something about the start of summer that you love?
What was your "oh shit, my parents did that because they really loved me" realization?
What’s a local restaurant or food place you really like and wish was worldwide?
What is your go-to favorite food?
What is the your region's most popular snack/food?
Embarrassing stories about sex or losing your virginity, what happened?
What accent sounds snobby to you?
What makes you so addicted to reddit karma? You can’t exchange reddit points for money, food or any real asset. They are just virtual high fives.
Whats the bes riddle you know?
What are some fun PC games to play online with friends?
What does it mean if you are at a sleep away camp, and a girl has a guy send you a note that says “I love you and I love your body”?
What instantly turns you into a child?
How much do you love Minecraft?
Why doesn't everyone just pretend their knights from medieval times?
When have you seen someone talk their way out of a good outcome to something?
Therapists of reddit, what is the thing you love the most about your job, and the thing you like the least?
What is the best item you have ever bought that was an impulse buy?
People of Reddit married/committed for 10+ years, what simple thing makes you fall in love with your SO all over again?
What is your favorite food?
Foods now give you powers. What foods give you what powers and why?
So im looking for a endoscope to stick down my penis.
Have you ever fallen in love (mutually) with someone who was moving away soon? What happened?
Why can you smell food cooking of you're the one cooking it ?
Does anyone have advice for recuperating from food poisoning? I survived, but still feel like death. Any advice would be appreciated.
You have one hour to eat 10 lbs of one item. If you succeed you get 10M dollars. The only restriction is the food cant be liquid. What do you choose?
Reddit, what is love?
You catch this dude looking at your girls toes, what you gonna do about it http://imgur.com/gallery/C9BmCSh?
Has cheating ever improved your love/sex life, with the person you’ve cheated on?
[Serious] How to live when nothing makes sense?
What’s worse to be unattractive man or woman?
Other than "THAT" what is something you wouldn't do even for love?
When was the first time you've discovered masturbating? How was it?
Reddit confuses me. I thought of an MCU theory and posted it yesterday in the morning and 20 mins ago. Yesterday it was loved and today it's hated. Why is reddit so confusing?
What food item could you eat until comatose?
What’s the most popular food in your country?
How often do you think about your first love? And how long ago is it?
What was your "This is going to be a great story in hindsight" moment?
I got fiancee back from his ex girlfriend using love solutions from sangopriestesslovesolution@gmail.com, need your ex back?
People who grew up with their parents posting about them on social media, what are some of the positives and negatives you have experienced as a result?
How did you meet the love of your life?
Do you hear snippets of popular songs in the newest round of advertisements? Could they be using an algorithm to steal phrases from popular works without compensating the creators?
Would you continue to love and support your parent if they were convicted of murdering your other parent? Why?/why not?
Do you consider Subway and Five Guys to be fast food?
Adults of Reddit, what's something you love about the Baby Boomer generation?
What is the most shameful/weirdest porn you’ve tried watching?
Window washers of Reddit, what are your stories?
For people who let their pets lick or kiss them all over the mouth why and people who don’t why not?
What's a memory you have that makes you cringe to this day?
Name of Protective Cover for Vaginal Opening?
English teachers of Reddit, what was the funniest simile/metaphor you've ever heard from a student?
Hey redditors, what are some of your favorite love songs?
What is the most unusual hobby you've came across and started to love it?
What did you learn late in life?
Any contributions for this AskReddit thread from the subcontinent? My contribution: "jhoota/jhootan" (for food), can't translate it easily to English easily
What tv show did you love until it got cancelled?
People who graduated with Latin honors, how did you make the most of your time during college?
Do anti-vaxxers also oppose vaccines for their pets?
Have you ever hid controversal or life-changing information from a loved one? If you ended up sharing it to them, how did they react?
Why didn't it work out with your middle school love interest?
What fact amazes you you every time you think of it?
Everyone has a "junk drawer" in their house. What's in yours?
What threads are there for sharing your own short stories?
What field do you work in today that is totally non-related to your college degree/major and how did you make that switch?
Why hate instead of love?
How long did it take for you to fall in love?
What are some of the most annoying sounds you hear outdoors?
People who found love through online dating what happened? And what's your story?
What food are you ok on choking to death with?
What movies do critics hate but audiences love and vice versa
How do you clear your head when you've been stressed beyond your breaking point?
What is the best way to do communism?
What is a challenge - big or small - in your life that you love?
It's National Best Friends Day! How did you meet your best friend, or what made you become best friends?
Is it rude to leave class early in college?
If your state was a food, what would it taste like?
What is Your Least Favorite Disney Movie?
I’ve (F26) been in (unrequited) love with him (M28)for many years, now I’ve been invited to his wedding. Do I attend or politely decline?
Healthy eaters of Reddit, What is your mental motivation that copes with the irresistible need of junk food?
What is something you loved when you were younger that you find cringe worthy or weird now?
People of Reddit, what are some unusual phobias or pet peeves that you have?
Mod Pizza (and similar fast food restaurant) workers, what is the strangest item a customer has ever had you create?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
What really should have happened by now, but hasn't?
Animal lovers of reddit, what animal would you wish you could have as a pet?
Animal lovers of all ages, what has been your fondest memories of pets in your life?
What food just makes you happy when you eat it?
Which documentary had (or continues to have) the most significant impact in the world?
People who have come out in June, Pride Month, how did everything work out for you?
If you could communicate in a secretly coded language what would it be?
What is r/backrooms about?
what food/drink is completely pedestrian in your culture but treasured by people outside your culture?
People with crazy pets, what’s their story?
which song will go perfect with 2 lovers and fireworks in the sky
Do you think it's OK to flirt with other people when you're around the person you're "in love" with?
those of you who couldn't find your "crowd of people" in high school, did you find great friends in college?
If you swallow a bunch of popcorn kernels and drink enough water after, what are the odds that a popcorn field will grow in your stomach?
People who ate very unhealthy and/or struggled with obesity, how did you come to change and embrace healthy foods and other healthy habits?
What is something that looks normal during the day but bad during the night?
What makes one a man (both qualities and physical attributes)?
Uninitiated and unrequited lovers of reddit, what completely unqualified advice can I provide to cure your ailing heart?
What's a thing you lost and would love to get it back?
People who have been in love/ are in love, what does it feel like ?
What’s your best “food hack” to make stuff taste better?
What are some musicians (bands/rappers/singers/producers) that you are listening to right now that you think need more love/attention?
If you could time travel which time you want to go?
If every man could suck his own dick, do you think it would be gay or just another way to masturbate?
It the dove is the bird of peace, what is the bird of love?
Alpha males of Reddit. What song do you love, that you would never let your bros know about, lest you be labeled soft.
Whaat do you think about Donald Trump? Has your view changed?
What are you craving right now?
Why does nobody have a refrigerator with a glassdoor at home ?
How do I create a civilization?
Peple of Reddit, Dos a post with multiple speling erors kil that post for you, regardless or content?
Large calorie deficit &amp; intermittent fasting with little to no weight loss?
What was your weirdest dream?
Whats one thing you wish that humans could use as a food source?
If you had to choose, what food would best describe you?
"I love it when a plan comes together" Where is this quote from OTHER than the A-Team? I feel like I've heard it in a video game or maybe a movie. Someone put me out of my misery please!!
What's a game/app that everyone was into 6 or 7 years ago that no one remembers now?
What common food have you never had?
I dropped such a spicy red pill in AskReddit I just had to share it with the pedes...
What percentage of your day do you spend fantasizing?
Anyone know of any apps that have realistic 80s or 90s filters to use in photos or Videos ?
What’s a quick way to ruin any type of food for someone?
Who was your fictional crush when you were younger, and how did that affect your life?
Since all the kids love Old Town Road these days, what was a similar song from when you were younger?
If a living donor organ gets rejected, does it get put back into the living donor?
What is much more serious than people realize?
How do I get started with programming? (Looking for a career change.)
What foods do you eat all the time but would never order from a restaurant?
Whats your favourite animal, real or not?
What was your “NEXT!” moment?
People of reddit: Have you ever fallen in love with your best friend. If so, how did it end up?
What's the best porn you've seen ?
Which celebrity do you think has a crush on YOU at the moment (other than Keanu who loves us all)?
What sexual favor have you done for someone to advance your career?
Fast food workers of reddit. What order automatically thinks these people are going to be a problem?
How should someone deal with an ex that still says they love and care?
What are your tips for an introvert starting college?
Why does reddit love Keanu Reeves?
What is the best food you ate today?
Chefs of reddit: how do you stay creative when cooking from the same menu/ same type of food every day?
What do you love about yourself? [Serious]
What drives you crazy
Does college give you that space you need to figure out who you are in some ways? the space that couldn’t be given when you were in high school( well for most)
What would you say to yourself if you had the chance to write a letter to help younger you?
What dish do you use a secret ingriedent in, and what is the secret ingredient?
What are some weird food combinations you adore but other people think it's weird?
Which flavor of wine you love and suggest most?
Men of Reddit who knocked up a woman but had their right to terminate taken away from them: Do you still love the kid?
What is something that you love but is the last thing people would normally associate you with?
What is a practically abandoned subreddit you wish had more attention again?
If every food you ate had to have a condiment on it, which one would you choose?
What do you do with the friends who remove the pineapple off of your half of the pizza?
What is a movie/tv series/cartoon/anime that you love watching but would never want to live in?
What’s one forbidden food you would like to try if you could choose how it tasted? What would it taste like?
People of Reddit, what Youtube channels should I watch? Who doesn't get the love they deserve?
What are the dynamics of a ‘love triangle’ you have been exposed to or apart of?
What superpower do you think is the worst, and why do you think so?
Why are you in love with small rectangular pieces of paper with pictures of old white guys on them?
[SERIOUS] Redditors who have "come out of the closet", what gave you the courage or inspiration to tell your loved ones and close friends?
You have the power to make everyone in the world listen to one song. Which song do you pick, and why?
What words have you said to a loved one that you are now ashamed of ?
Taste-deaf people of reddit, what kind of foods do you like
Redditors who have reoccurring dreams/nightmares: what happens in them?
“redditors of the world” what’s a comic that you would love to read if you could do anything with it?
LEGO video games: LEGO Chess :: your favorite series : _?
Employees who waited for the "perfect" time to quit, tell us your satisfying stories
What do you love most?
What do you want to achieve?
(Don’t flag) I know ur not doctors, this is just opinions. Can you clean an ear that is infected? Or do you have to wait until infection is clear? I have so much discharge in my ear I don’t think peroxide will negate the help that antibiotics have been doing correct???
I’m in love and I fucked up
When will we see USA in the ICC cricket world cup?
Why do so many people equate good food to healthy food?
What's something you hated as a kid but love now?
What form of entertainment have you loved and found out has fell victim to Rule 34?
What is something embarassing you did a long time ago and still to this day you cringe thinking about it?
If you could only 1 food for the rest of your life what would it be?
If you could create a subreddit about a unpopular topic ,but the first post has a 100% chance of reaching popular what subreddit would it be.
Why don't women love men as much as men love women?
Which are better as pets Dogs or cats?
What’s an underrated Pokémon that needs to get more love from the community?
If you knew 100% you were gonna have a lucid dream tonight, what would you do?
What’s the way you want to die?
Moving with an adjustable desk, will stacking boxes on top damage the hydrolics?
What caused the family member you knew and loved to become a Karen?
What's your local food that everybody should try?
Who is a person that most people really love? Like everyone loves Betty White because she's amazing. Who else?
What's a quick easy field to get a degree in?
If you could only eat one food and one drink for the rest of your life nutrition still applies what would it be and why?
when is a girl finally done with your shit?
What is the most disturbing food combination you like?
What movie do you love that nobody talks about?
What was “the incident” at your school/college?
[Serious] Why don't we live in a Utopia where every single human has access to clean air, food, water, education, housing, employment, and other basic rights as defined by the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights?
[Advice needed] Do a “serious” degree, or study what I like, or move to a first-world and work there - which I would do anyway, it’s just now or after college?
Past and present fast food workers: now that you've been behind the counter, would you still eat there?
What's the wackiest legal adventure you've had?
What’s the most shocking secret someone’s revealed to you? What did u do with the information?
How about the weirdest or most disturbing finding left behind by the person who had your job before you?
Dear Reddit, What food just really turns your stomach upside-down?
What is a genuine joke that can make anyone laugh?
People who are truly health conscious about your food intake, what foods are available at mass retailers that aren't full of poisons, pesticides, additives, antibiotics, etc?
To people who worked in fast food, what was the worst part or what was your worst customer experience?
What's the most disgusting "health food" you've ever had?
Which food delivery is better Grab Food or Uber Food in Thailand?
What's the oddest thing you've traded or done for food?
Dogs constantly beg you to share your food but when’s the last time a dog ever offered you food?
What is an off brand food thats better than the original.
Teachers of Reddit, What's the worst excuse you've ever seen?
Redditors with exotic pets, what’s the appeal of the species? What sets it apart?
What is your all time favorite food?
To avoid the “No, there’s food at home” meme, my mom is going to the store to get food. What should I ask for?
If you your favourite food or snack were a drug how much of an addict would you be?
Full time college Students 18-24 who are married... What has your experience been? Would you recommend it?
(Serious) People that have lost a loved one, how are you and your family doing?
What are some unusual/unlikely animal that make great pets
What's the best way to thrive in a suppressing dictatorship country?
Why does every pet you buy from Petco/petsmart die within a couple months ?
What is something that genuinely made you laugh during sex?
[Serious]What would young college graduates who finally have time to game think of Mass Effect's vision of the future and the Ryder twins?
What are some weird combinations of food that go really well together?
Who do you look up to the most, and what qualities do you love about that person?
What is your best "I love my mom" moment?
Dirtiest sex session you have had at university or college? (Gand bangs, orgies, roommates, been caught?) Tell your story here
What is something you love, but HATE the fandom?
What happens in real life, but rarely gets portrayed in movies?
[Serious] Have you ever lost a close friend/loved one to unnatural causes? How did you move on?
Former or present fast food workers of Reddit, what is the most absurd thing your managers have done that they consistently discipline others for?
How do you cope with rejection on the love of your life ?
When os the most awkward/inappropriate time to say "I love you" to someone?
So does anyone else when your hungry and there’s nothing to eat do u also watch food videos on YT
What's the weirdest way someone you know has misunderstood what some food item is made of or from?
People of reddit what is your weirdest food habbit? (example chips and bbq)
What important lesson did you learn from a cartoon?
What singleplayer video game has no end?
What is one food condiment that people regularly use, that you find completely unacceptable?
What are some of the most interesting/bizarre items you have found when cleaning out a passed loved ones house?
What was your best, "I told you so!", moment?
What common-ish food have you discovered as an adult that made you wonder why you haven't been eating it your whole life?
What is the best microwave "trap" "gourmet" food you've ever made?
To those who smoke, what got you started?
If every college campus declared war on each other, who would win? What would they use to fight and what would they bring to the table?
Anyone know any decent subreddits for Dogs or English Bulldogs. Even any decent pets ones. I’m hoping to bring some much needed cheer to people posting some lovely photos of my English Bulldog.
What’s seems like a horrible food combination but is actually pretty good?
What's one food you've never tried but always wanted to?
What song makes you incredibly emotional , and why?
Men of reddit, Is it more important for you to get laid or to be with the one you love even if you don't get any sex at all?
What are your go to foods and snacks at your local grocery store?
Hey reddit what are some of the best responses to "i love you"
For Android user that switched to an IPhone what is the worst part of the transition.
I am in long-distance relationship and i love srp and sex-chatting, but my boyfriend isn't into it. Any ideas on how to deal with him not being around?
I have a question I adopted a dog but I want to take it back to the pound because I’m in an abusive marriage and my husband told me he will kill the dog infront of me just to hurt me I feel like such a bad person for taking home back because I already fell inlove with him am I a bad person
Where was Frank Lloyd Wrights love cottage in spring green Wisconsin?
Why do people eat """food""" from the grocery store?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what disgusting secrets are there that would prevent people from going to your restaurant if they knew about it?
What are some great albums that are not on Spotify? All genres encouraged!
Why do I love clapping cheeks so damn much?
Who did you go to see for your first concert? If you’ve never been to a concert, who would you want to see?
Fantasy readers of Reddit, what is it about fantasy novels that you love so much?
What is the most overrated fast food place and why?
What is a weird way you eat a normal food?
Amazon fulfillment center workers of Reddit, have you ever packaged something embarassing/intimate for someone you know personally?
But what if you did?
What's a sing that you never knew the name on for ages that you loved and since have finally found out?
For People who've had surgery; What was it like and how do you calm your worries about it?
What fictional tool or piece of equipment from any film, tv show or game would you love to have a real, functioning version of?
What are some underrated singers most of people only know because of one hit, but they actually have amazing songs?
What is the most beneficial thing that you can do in your spare time?
What’s a weird food combo that you love?
[SERIOUS] What's your love story?
What food perfectly describes your personality and why?
How different is your current life from 10 years ago ?
What is considered white people food?
What food is actually better when eaten as a leftover?
When do you love someone?
What made you want to date your best friend?
What is one thing you love about yourself?
What's your big food fight moment?
What food did you like as a kid but hate as an adult?
What do you do to stop procrastinating?
What is something that is very much not acceptable for anyone to do except your SO
High school dropouts of Reddit, what was a great opportunity where you later realized you didn’t need to graduate and/or go on to college?
What is the weirdest/most disgusting thing you’ve found in your food? Take away, restaurant ect.
What is the weirdest dream you have ever had?
What's a food in your country that every tourist wants to try but you think is overrated?
If you were able to draft, from all well known living musicians, two rock bands (something like: Lead and/or rhythm guitar, bass, keyboard, drums) and one is to be a band made up of people representing evil and the other of people representing good, who would you put on which bands?
Throw a chair at a hostage taker ? https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCbrWh3ElH2nM-iuz9CVBr2A/videos
Ramen Noodle lovers, what's your best recipes involving instant noodles?
What is the best Song to make love to?
What is the best subreddit to find people to talk to(just for a friendly chat)?
What is a takeaway/fast food that is iconic to the country that you live in?
What is the best documentary?
What was the moment you knew you were in love?
How can I unblock automoderator?
To you, what is love?
Chefs and food workers of Reddit, whats the grossest combination or substitution a customer asked you to make?
What song or album made you fall in love with rap?
What as a kid did you hate doing, but as a adult you love?
What things are harder than they seem?
Meat lovers, what is your favorite kind of meat?
What is something you hated as a child but love as an adult?
What have you dreamt of and it actually became true in real life?
If "hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way" what is the American way
What’s the grossest drink and or food combination you’ve had?
What's a food that's like crack to you and you literally can't stop eating it?
What's more important : food/water or air ?
You managed to board a plane with a nail cutter, how would you use it to hijack the plane?
Hygiene lovers of reddit, what are your hygenie routines and secrets that others should know?
Would you go to the wedding of someone you’ve been in (unrequited) love with for many years?
Truckers of reddit, what’s the weirdest/scariest/funniest thing you’ve ever seen on the road?
People of reddit what is a weird thing your bf/gf did to you that you loved more than anything else you’ve ever tried?
To those who attended an all-boys school up until high school, what did you guys do the moment you stepped into college?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to a child?
Does anyone know if water is wet?
A genie grants you one wish, on the condition that you can't use it to make more wishes in any way, he can't kill anybody, make anybody fall in love, or bring people back from the dead. What do you wish for?
Do you think it’s possible to learn to love someone?
People of reddit who swore to never be in love again, what breaks you?
This is a very niche question, but for anybody who went to college with Steven Spielberg in 2001-2002 at Cal State Long Beach, what was it like?
/u/CUriousitees's accidental haiku
What awful movie do you love?
DnDers of Reddit; what was the most Unique/Crazy character you ever met in your sessions (Good or Bad) and why? (It can't be your character)
Reddit, what's your go-to fast food order when you're on a tight budget?
To those who have participated in an elimination style reality tv show, what were things like on set? Was anything staged?
While inebriated, what are your top 5 food/snack cravings?
What is a food that a majority of people eat when warm that actually tastes better when cold, and vice versa?
If you could start a new "Reddit" what would and wouldn't it have?
What some foods easy to make, but tedious?
People who didn’t regret not going to school, what did you do instead?
People of reddit, whats a weird happening in any game youve played? (I.E Glitches, Encounters etc)
What do you do to keep your mind busy at work?
What age did your parents live to?
Ex-Christians/Pastors, what changed your mind?
What is one thing you wish someone told you before starting college?
Who was your cartoon crush as a kid?
"____ is full of people who hate ____ but love ____". Can you complete the sentence for your country?
Why did you drop out of college and what do you do now?
What retail store, fast food place, etc. almost never has good customer service?
Former weed/alcohol users of reddit, what made you quit?
What is the worst movie/tv show you've ever seen that was based on a book you loved?
help
What’s a band/musician that you hated in your youth, but now love/appreciate as an adult?
Favorite female anime character?
What's that one incident in school/college you got away with without raising any suspicion?
What is the best thing to do after high school- start working and begin college in the fall or travel for a while and then start school?
What is your “I shouldn’t have laughed at that” moment?
What's something you love about yourself?
How did you meet and later truly fall in love... with Reddit?
from where are you browsing reddit right now?
Reddit, what “normal” food can you not tolerate or refuse to eat?
What character from any Movie or TV show would you love to have a night out with?
Heroes, villains, protagonists, antagonists: fiction lovers, why do you love them and why do you hate them?
What company is known for selling *fake* products/services? Have you ever fallen for one of these companies before?
What's one thing you inherited from your loved once that came as a surprise?
Car lovers of Reddit, which car do you think deserves more recognition?
How do I know if my air conditioner unit has gone out completely?
What is the story of the love triangle you were part of?
What is that one song you secretely love but wouldn't want anyone else to know about?
Which is the most amazing coincidence (or result of coincidences) that you've experienced or witnessed?
What are reddit awards all about?
What surgery would you love to be possible?
“Picky” or selective eaters of Reddit, what are some memorable experiences you have with people who like a food that you don’t ?
Is true love real why or why not?
Teachers of Reddit, do you know who is in love with whom in your class?
Chefs or food tasters of reddit, what is something that tasted just like it smelled?
My son will start college in 6 years, what advice do you wish someone would have given you so that you could better prepare for college these days?
Parents of Reddit, do you love one child more than the other(s)?
Which character TOTALLY deserved to die?
Redditors who have lost a loved one: What were their last words, and what impact did they have on you?
At what moment did you first realize that you genuinely love your SO?
What’s an interesting piece of information that only you know and no one else does?
What proves that your country has the dumbest politicians on Earth?
My grandparents hired this boy to do chores around the house, but he’s been stealing food, money, and jewelry. Any ideas to trap or catch him in the act?
What is the most useful ting you learned in college outside of the classroom?
I wanted to keep my teeth the doctor said I could but he failed to do so. Is anyone is looking to get rid of some wisdom teeth? I would love to take them off your hands!
If you could eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
What’s the worst food combination you’ve ever tried?
women (and gay men), what do you want out of a man that will make you love them?
How did you meet the love of your life?
What foods or drink are really cheap in the country of origin but much more expensive in other countries?
If Reddit was there in the year 00 AD, what kind of questions would have been asked on this sub?
What is the biggest plot twist you've ever seen?
"Square People" of Reddit, what's your story about being around somebody on Psychedelics?
Why isn't chicken a breakfast food?
What inappropriate thing did you do/say as a child and years later realized was bad?
What are some games you remember having a blast playing but can't remember the name of? Can be anything from PC to console
What food or drink that everyone likes, do you hate? Why?
What skills should every person have before entering college?
What is a food that people rave about that you really don’t care for?
What is your ' there's something money can't buy ' moment or stories?
Would you like to watch a tall, chiseled, well endowed black man make love to your wife while you watch and masturbate? Why?
Why does it seem like everyone's life is spent drinking alcohol or talking about drinking alcohol?!?
What is something in your life that gives you constant panic attacks?
What do you do if a kid locks himself in your trunk and says you kidnapped him?
Bank workers of Reddit, what is the most ridiculous loan pitch you’ve gotten?
What backpack is practical yet cute for Senior year and college?
How would WWII have been different if the internet had existed back then?
What drugs have you tried and how was the experience?
Eaters of Reddit, do you remember the first time you tried one of your now-favourite foods? What happened?
What is the most human thing your pets have done?
Adopted people of reddit. Would you have rather stayed in your birth families whatever the situation was at the time of birth. Or would you choose to be adopted.
What new place did you check out today?
What movie made you most emotional when a character dies?
Psychologist, what's the dumbest thing you have ever heard about IQ?
How do you waste less money on junk food? (Serious)
Do you regret going to college, why or why not?
What album/song introduced you to a new genre of music that you now love?
Historians/HistoryNerds of Reddit; where did your love of history come from?
How does Dunkin Donuts make their cold brew?
If a perfect human being was born out of the Nazi experiments, would Hitler be justified in the massacre of millions? What is be the core argument against authoritarian dictatorship?
Fellow Redditors With A Huge Package Do Women Like It Or Not?
What is the strangest thing you found in fast food?
People who have been on TV shows for something stupid that you've done, did it affect your life in any way?
What’s the most useful advice you’ve seen on Reddit?
Whats the craziest experience you've had at a fast food resturaunt?
Redditers with depression, what have you found to be the best way to cope with / get through it?
Why Americans have so much love for their veterans/soldiers?
What is the weirdest food combination you've had but enjoyed?
What is your comfort food?
What appropriately-themed food dish could I bring to a friend's divorce party?
What was your favorite food creation as a kid that’s disgusting to you now?
How to not have a heart attack when you see you’re ew with someone else ? Or falling in love with someone else ? The thought only is killing me. And I’ve heard it’s literally possible to die from heartbreak
What would mankind look like if we didn’t have the ability to love?
Psychologist of reddit, have you ever had a patient so clever, he/she/them/they talked you into falling in love with them? How did it happen? Still together?
What is the hardest thing a friend or loved one has asked you to do?
Is there a better breakfast than the full English?
Have you ever fallen out of love? If you have, why and what did you do about it?
What is a tv show you love that is almost universally hated and you don’t understand why?
What do you love about the place you live?
What impulsive decision did you make that actually worked out for the best?
Atatürk
Rant about something. Just have fun. Go wild. What pisses you off? What do you love?
Why is it ok to castrate your pets, but giving them tattoos is generaly frowned upon?
What is the best "secret / off menu" item to get at fast food?
[serious] are astral projections/out of body experiences an actual thing if so have you done it. Serious answers only
What can I do to pass time on 3rd shift besides reddit?
What do restaurant or fast food staff do that upsets you?
Aliens of Reddit What is the most gross Human food you ever ate?
What's the worst instance of "Muh X works at Y" privilege have you ever experienced and how did it turn out?
What was your “shit, i falling in love with the wrong person” moment?
Is it weird sharing food with your parents? And at what age?
Why r u gay?
Can you eat vegetarian foods without being a vegetarian?
Any tips for a recent college grad that is moving across the country?
What was your most awkward "I love you" moment?
What's your favourite disco song?
Ex-workers in fast food restaurants, what was “The Incident” in the restaurant?
if you had to enter an eating competition, what food would you choose? the winner is whoever eats the greatest mass of food within a 30 minute timeframe AND different people may be eating different things
Food lovers of Reddit ,What have you been eating for years without knowing what's it made from(did you get surprised?)?
What were some cartoons that you thought were a fever dream? (TTS YouTubers please don't touch this)
Tell me something you love. However big or small or relevant or stupid or cute it is, I want to know about something you love.
What do you love the most in life?
Reddit I love these stories so tell me, have you ever attended a wedding where something made you say "this is not going to work"? What was it, and what eventually happened?
picking a college is hard. how did you choose yours/ what was your experience once you got there?
What is one food that you hate that the rest of the word loves?
What is the worst thing about someone you love?
"People with pets on Reddit, What was the most Weirdest thing your pets did?"
[Serious] Has anyone else been brutally heartbroken in the past, just to go over it and not love nor be loved again, and be left with an upsetting feeling of emptiness?
Have you ever been scammed? Let me hear your story!
Users of Reddit who are happily together with their first love, what is your story?
Which celebrity would you want as the voice of Siri/Google Assistant/Alexa?
How many languages can you speak?
Are girls who kick guys in the groin really hard for "fun" or just because they're pissed any better than guys, who grope or beat girls?
People of Reddit: If you could pass a single law to improve everyones life, what would it be and what would the punishment be like if it was disregarded?
What’s the most outrageous thing you’ve done while drunk?
Your username is now your profession. How well off are you?
I have an amazing interview tomorrow for a desk job that pays VERY well. It’s my first office job and I’m very excited. I’ve only worked in fast food so I’m nervous. I’ve researched the company and wrote things down. But does anyone have any advice on how to ace an interview? Thank you. I’m 20.
How many of you have had a poop incident whole doing anal?
You have a budget of $50,000 and have 1 week to make a viral video that reaches 10 million views. What do you do?
What was your, "Fuck this, I quit!", moment at a job?
For the couples that had a “love at first sight” experience, how did it go?
Redditors who love talking about themselves, what’s your story?
What food do you like the least?
What are the best, quirky, interesting AirBnb places from Europe you've been to (please state location (or link) for future need)?
Paramedics of Reddit, what are your best "that's why i love this job" moments?
What is the most disgusting/weirdest thing you ever found in your food at a restaurant?
Those who joined Greek life in college, what was the most surprising part of your experience?
Hey folks of Reddit! Do you have a special way of making other people genuinely smile?
What would you think in someone played you a love song they wrote about you, if you were teens?
Redditor’s growing your own food, what do you grow and how did you get started?
You and your brother are 8 years apart (he’s the older one). You get a tattoo of his “logo” on your “hip”/right next to your crotch- right next to bikini line. What does this say about the relationship?
Parents of reddit, what is the best kids programming on Netflix, Hulu or Amazon?
You have the ability to take any food to the past, where do you take it, when do you take it, what do you take, and what do you do with it?
What's wrong with your POS car and how did you "fix" it?
Coffee drinkers of Reddit, how do you like your coffee?
If you’re attracted to/ have a crush on someone you’re a fan of, do you think that makes you “not a real fan”? Why do you think that’s such a common attitude?
Should your ex still get to tell you they care after literally destroying your life?
What are some things that the everyday person do to become as loved as Keanu Reeves is?
If tongues couldn't taste sweet things, what would people eat too much of?
What do you like about your city/town?
What food in your fridge are you excited most for?
Redditors, what is one thing about your father you will always remember?
Single parents of Reddit, what should couple parents/people without children know about what its like to do it by yourself?
Corporate People of Reddit, What acronym is constantly used in your line of work that bugs the hell out of you or doesnt make any sence?
In your opinion, how long does it take to fall in love with somebody?
Workers in food multinationals, what is the grossest thing you have seen or you had to do it?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit, have you ever spit in anybody’s food? If so, why?
What's a sandwich filling/food topping combination you created? How do most people react when you tell them about it?
What would you do with your pets in a zombie apocalypse?
When is the last time you died?
Bilinguals of reddit, how would you say “I love you equally” in your language?
What was your best Minecraft memory?
What's the most bizarre dream you've ever had?
What food can you absolutely not stand?
What are the few things in life that get you truly excited?
What’s your favorite “Why am I alive?” Moment?
Can you love someone without loving yourself first?
What’s the best thing you brought to your dorm at college?
What's the greatest discovery you've made about life?
When in doubt, ...
You are the voice inside Donald Trump's head. What do you say? Why?
[Serious] What are some non medical reasons that people might choose to stay in a single dorm at college as opposed to having a roommate?
What is the one Phineas and Ferb song that you will love until the day you die?
What white lies did your parents tell you as a kid that have stuck with you?
If life is a simulation and we’re all Sim characters, what do you think the main goal/storyline was when creating you?
What happens when a child who is scared of death have someone they love die?
People of reddit, at what moment did u know you wanted to pursue a specific career?
What is a relatively unknown YouTuber that more people should watch?
What’s your summer love story?
Parents of Reddit, How would you trick your kids to eat healthy foods (fruits, veggies,etc)?
What is the worst parenting you have seen?
What TV Show/Movie simply doesn't exist on streaming OR torrent sites?
What is your favourite sub Reddit?
Has anyone been to Gili lankanfushi in the Maldives? I loved it, what did you think of it? [SERIOUS]
[serious] Whats the best love song for a duet?
What is your favorite fast food?
If your normal food habits were a diet, what would it be called?
Waiters/restaurant workers of reddit, what are some things that the casual clients don’t know about?
If your pets suddenly learned to speak, what would they say about you?
People who’s first love was their last what was it like?
What’s your weirdest food combination that actually tastes good?
Voodoo food
Does anyone else have dreams about the future?
40+ year olds of Reddit what is something you wish you knew or had done when you were younger?
People of Reddit who drive below the speed limit, especially in the fast lane--Why do you do it?
What is something a company doesn't want the public to know?
Redditors who have trolled law enforcement, what's your story?
What is a quote you live by?
If you had to be shipwrecked on a deserted island, but all your human needs—such as food and water—were taken care of, what two items would you want to have with you?
Reddit, what the heck to they put in Clint Eastwood's food to make him live so long?
Adults of Reddit: What mnemonic device did you learn in school that you still remember years later even though it's mostly useless?
What book would you love to introduce to casual readers?
Your loved ones die but you get an extra chicken nugget when ordering McDonald's, would you do it?
What food do you love that most people are disgusted by ?
"This afternoon's Ask PHreddit: For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?" - /u/the_yaya
What is the dumbest or laziest way you make money?
What song is forever linked to a certain time or event in your life?
[Serious] Cheaters of reddit. Why did you cheat on your love partner?
What is a food or activity that is hated by most people, but those to enjoy it are extremely passionate about it?
Dear foodies of reddit....
Do you add a tip at a counter-service food establishment when there's a line for it on the receipt? Employees of such establishments: do you expect a tip?
What are some super underrated YouTube channels that you think everyone should check out?
mspy icon look like any other application?
How did you or someone you know find true love?
Hey reddit, I have come down to watch spongebob on netflix, can I have some good suggestions to watch ?
Sports fans- what's a game/event that you would love to experience in person?
Redditors who have confessed love in a grand gesture, what did you do and how did it go?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what do you want customers to know about the food (that you could not tell them while working) before they order?
People of Reddit who live in travel destinations, what do you love about your city that visitors may not know or appreciate?
What are some Alexa skills you absolutely love?
What's something most people love, but you can't stand?
What is your Rapper name basing on the last food that you eat?
What's the low end for how much money a Sugar Daddy pays out each month?
What does love mean to you? Is it enough to get married
Flyers of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve experienced onboard the plane?
What would a 'Black Mirror' episode from 20 years ago look like?
What are some foods that people commonly think are way better or worse for them than they actually are?
What is your favorite part of the day?
What is the weirdest thing you have experienced in a fast food restaurant?
What is the dumbest decision you have made in life? Why? Has it had lasting effects?
Have you ever kicked someone out? How did you do it?
Wealthy people on Reddit, what’s a stereotype that lower income people blindly think about you but is not always true?
What are some of the food you secretly love but wouldn’t ever wanna get caught eating?
What’s something you refuse to do without wearing gloves?
A customer pooped on the floor in my department. What's the worst thing a customer has done to you?
What is a song, album etc, that you really enjoy and why?
People who still smoke cigarettes, eat fast food, and drink soda (the retard trifecta) - did you not get the memo, or do you just hate yourself?
What kid's food do you still enjoy as an adult?
If Youtube were to be banned for 1 day what would you do?
Reddit why do you love your city?
A question for homeschoolers...does leaving for college make you feel like you have more freedom than the people who went to regular school?
What food gives you explosive diarrhea?
What makes your blood boil till this day?
Why do you like your crush?
Deaf people of reddit, how many actually know sign language? Is it common?
What's something you hate the texture of, but love the flavor?
[Serious] People who’ve had someone they love pass away. Did the person come back in a dream to say goodbye? If so, how was it.
What was the strangest place you’ve made a friend?
What interesting foods do you know about that aren't appreciated enough?
Ladies, if you found out that your geeky, slightly chubby college freshman best guy friend accidentally locked himself out of his house - ahem - sans clothes, how would you react to him confessing this to you?
Does anyone else hiccup when they eat fast food?
People who legally changed your name, whats your story?
How did you guys prepare for your college entrance exam?
Do you like one piece?
[Serious] How do you deal with someone who is like your father being in love with you?
While all considered cheating, sex is clearly worse than kissing which is worse than handholding. Where would you place sending nude pictures in this list?
What was that one teacher you absolutely hated and why?
What advice do you have for High School seniors entering into college?
What do you think food was like between the 1940s and the 1950s?
Apart from porn, what’s something in your browser history that you wouldn’t want your friends/loved ones to see?
Do you believe in the concept of "true love"? Why?
Married redditors, what is a fetish you have, but will never tell your S/O
What is your favorite song reflecting a terrible person in your life getting the axe?
To people who lost a lot weight, did you learn to love yourself before or after your transformation?
Why?
Who will be the Democrat candidate for presidency?
Fast food managers: What's your best "Let me talk to your manager" stories.
Foreign exchange students of Reddit, what was the first story you told your friends when you got home from the country you were visiting?
Adult film actors and actresses of Reddit: How many of your scenes did you genuinely feel passion with your partner? How many were 100% acting?
What's the worst food poisoning you've gotten while traveling?
What is the strangest food combination you enjoy?
How do you know when you love someone?
Where can one shame a 20 yo fuckboy who sent me unsolicited dick pics and videos of him jerking his smol pp?
Anal lovers of reddit from slovakia! What is the deepest you've ever took it and how did it feel?
What are the weirdest obscure album covers of all time?
What is your favorite chocolate to get from a loved one?
What do you do to fuck with someone’s mind?
What is a song you used to love, but forgot about until you rediscovered it?
What was a failure that you turned into a succes
What's a morbid question that you have really wanted to ask someone?
Which historic figure would make the worst ghost to be haunted by?
do you tell your close relatives you love them after getting off the phone?
What are some good movies where one or both of the protagonists suffer from mental illness(es), and the issue is depicted in a realistic manner?
What's the weirdest thing you got punished for in school?
How long has it been since you lost the game?
/u/AutoModerator on What was yours or your partner's "Babe, do you still love me?" funny/dumb moments?
“Many people would love to *blank*, but their *blank* prevents them.” What are the usual *blanks*?
Career people of Reddit - do you love your job - and if not, what alternate career would you choose?
What is something you love but hate at the same time?
If you could travel around time in a confined space with a handful of historical figured (a la "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure"), who would they be?
Have you ever written a love letter?
Employees on reddit, what is something your coworkers do that annoys you, but is fully allowed?
What is the best food to order at a generic Chinese Restaurant?
I purposely got myself banned from subreddits to gain Karma.. I'm sorry moderators
Reddit, have you ever been to another country and been disappointed with their food? Why?
If a close friend is deathly ill, asks you personally to kill them (written/video consent) and you do it, should you be charged with murder?
How do you explain a thing that cannot be explained by a definition? such as explaining what colour of BLUE look like to a colour blindness person?
Who is a person in history that everyone loves?
Why is it that in lots of tv shows/films the male characters get a beard at the end of their arcs?
Have you ever moved or considered moving because of an awful neighbor? What made them so awful?
Who loves and likes Kardashian family?
Do people respect you more because you have muscles?
What is a meme that you wish never comes back?
What is one unusual smell that you love?
Bonjour, errr ca va ?
Californians of Reddit, do you or do you not hate your state and why?
Should i forgive the girl I love? Yes or no?
I’ve recently discovered a love for spicy foods. What’s your best antidote for a burning butthole?
What is the most beautiful thing you have seen or done that proves love exists?
People of reddit, what might seem normal to you that isn’t normal to others?
Fasting is great... do you agree or not? Why?
People who actually like the taste of cilantro, what food dishes taste amazing with it in them?
Pizza lovers of reddit, does pineapple belong on pizza and if not, why?
Is it bad to own pets when they were once wild animals that roamed free?
Reddit, be honest. How often do your bedsheets get changed? Bed-germ-ologists of Reddit, how bad is that really?
Dear fast-food employees of Reddit, what's the weirdest order you've ever received?
What’s your worst food poisoning incident?
/u/AutoModerator on Are people with pets 'pet parents' or 'pet owners'?
Reddit, what is something that you loved as a kid but hate as an adult? Vice versa?
Do British people say Dragon Ball Z as Dragon Ball “Zed”??
What is your go-to weeknight recipe?
Do you feel that Big tech companies should be broken up and why ?
Dear fuckboys on reddit, a sign when you truly fall in love with someone?
Opera lovers, what opera do you love watching that you feel doesn’t get enough attention?
What does it take for a broke college student to get some gold around here?
What job opportunities exist for your “useless” college degrees?
How old are you, and what is your job?
If it meant life or death, You have to pick a food that you must eat until you vomit. This is the only option to love. What is the food?
What is something everyone said you would love, but after trying it you really hated it?
Is unconditional love towards a person a feeling or a choice?
If you could go back in time to a college anywhere (non-ivy league or the like), where would you go and what would you major in and why?
What's your story about a person you loved turning out to be a total POS?
What are your top 10 favorite foods?
Have you ever left someone you loved because you needed to work on yourself or focus on your career? Did you ever return?
If you could become immortal but every time you have a true love they die would you do it
Cat lovers of Reddit, why do you not like dogs?
What is a good location to buy soft/comfortable good qualilty movie t-shirts?
What is the most unintentionally sexy video clip you’ve ever seen?
If Lucifer (from Lucifer) do his trick to you, what would you tell back to him?
People who grew up with strict parents, What were some of the worst rules they had?
What is a crossover that you would love to see in a movie?
Car Wash Technicians Of Reddit, What Made You Want To Get That Kind Of Job and Do you like it?
What is the real life version of a mis-input
What was your First love like
What chore do you secretly love doing?
What is a quadruple bypass?
Teachers, what’s the most clever way you’ve seen a student sneak food into class?
Why do you love your country so much?
What is the greatest thing that can only happen once in a lifetime?
Those of you who’ve married people you don’t love, why?
People with dogs or cats, what is the one thing your dog / cat does that never fails to put a smile on your face ?
You have died and you have been given by God the privilege of your own personal heaven, but its limited to the size of an apartment with infinite food and drink. What's inside it?
What are things happening because 9/11 happened ?
What video game or movie would you love to be stuck in?
Vets/vet-techs of Reddit, why simple procedures such as giving vaccines to pets needs to be done in the “back rooms” of the hospital instead of with owners when pets feel less anxious?
Do you ever have really amazing dreams where you are reunited with loved ones who have passed away? If so do you think its completely normal to experience this?
What are some of the best volunteer opportunities in the US that people can just hop in?
Chickens tenders are widely considered to be a “gay” food. What other foods are widely considered to be gay?
[Serious] How to deal with homesickness after moving to another country?
Dear Reddit users, what is your most pronounced memory with "that one guy who always upvotes"?
What are some things that people who had a lot of money in college will never understand?
People of reddit, if you could only eat one type of food, but you would have an infinite supply of it, what would you pick?
What are your protips for making or consuming certain foods and dishes?
What's a food you find nasty that most people seem to like?
facebook . com / BehayatOfMazon/ Comment some shit please (about food) Maybe leave a like too, please?
What is something you hated as a kid but love now?
Are pets just animals with Stockholm Syndrome?
What is the most overrated thing of all time?
At the risk of sounding racist: I'm a white Canadian who loves to cook, but I recently realized I have no idea what kind of African dishes or cuisine consist of. Is there anyone out there who can offer help for someone ignorant, pale, and, curious resources to learn about African foods to cook?
Who was the most maniplulative person you have ever seen, and what's the story?
What's the difference between a slave who get free room and board and a minimum wage worker that spends all his money on rent and food lol?
People of Reddit, what is the difference between making love and having sex?
What is a compliment you have gotten that had the opposite effect? [Serious]
We always get asked what advice we would give our past self, but what advice would you give/wish you could give to somebody else in the past?
What are the advantages of conditional love?
Men or women, which decided to live without husband/wife forever, what made you do that choice
Have you ever been in an abusive relationship?
Anyone else go to a buffet and stack there plate full of as much food that they can get there hands on even though you can go back for more any time you want?
British people of reddit. Tea?
Adults of Reddit why do you hate college/University hippies?
What are some podcasts a college student can listen to in order to be productive with their time?
You don't have much time left...the doctors said maybe a few days. What would you want to tell your loved ones?
What are the best ways to hide alcohol around the house in plain sight?
Let’s play MadLibs! I need a noun, a verb, an adjective, your name, your credit card number, a food, your bank password, and an adverb. What do you got?
What’s something you used to love to do, or at least be comfortable doing, that you’ve now developed an irrational fear of?
[ASK] what is the happiest moments in your love life?
Really curious , what's the most embarassing thing that happened to you in school/uni/college ?
Sleep Paralysis
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What reasons would complain about/send back food at a restaurant,or that you ordered via delivery?
Ex-prisoners of Reddit, are there any wholesome things about prison that most people don't know about? If so, what?
What do other people seem to love but you hate?
Why does the world punish people so harshly for lacking confidence or for not believing they deserve love and good things?
People who have heard legitimate one-liners in real life, what was it about?
Should a person behave like how (s)he wants to be seen by the person who (s)he loves or should (s)he behave like the person his/her loved one would want?
What’s your crazy sex story?
What is a good video game to play when you're tired?
What’s one thing about love that really scares you?
Does having a tattoo prevent you from getting a job, especially in Asian countries?
Sports fans of reddit, which professional/college team do you support?
What is your never mind, I had sex story?
What was the I don’t love you enough for this moment ?
Why is so much value placed on experience over education? What is even the point of spending 4-5 years in college if employers don’t care about education?
What is the strangest thing you've ever seen at a fast food restaurant?
[Serious] Have you ever had a dream that you met your soulmate, if so, How did it make you feel and what was is like?
Why do you think the people who love us the most are also the ones who can hurt us the most?
What are the best things about red heads?
People with angerissues, what happend?
What is a food that you won’t eat anymore because you had one bad experience with it?
What is your favourite game
What is your advice for a 29 y.o guy who is planning to attend a community college?
[Serious] Reddit, what did you love only to have your fellow Redditors ruin with tales of how terrible it was?
What’s a food combination that rhymes but doesn’t sound so appetizing?
Do you guys know of any songs about falling out of love with someone, particularly when it's not reciprocated by the other person, leaving the first party feeling shitty for leaving them?
What’s your favourite music genre and why?
How does one earn genuine love?
What is your WORST "FUCK MY BALLS"?
Are you a DMB lover or hater? What’s your reasoning?
What is one song you love that is completely different from your favourite genre?
What is the best way you made someone fall in love with you?
Is "love" about "love" or "lover"?
Alone living people of Reddit. What was the scariest experience you had whilst at home?
How can I get better at receiving without having the feeling I have to do something in return?
What’s a statistic about yourself you would love to know?
What’s a good bar movie?
You bump into Keanu Reeves and he is having a bad day because his dog just died, what do you do to comfort him?
Mothers of reddit, what would be some good advice to give to a mother-to-be that's still going to college?
Only positive! What makes you love yourself?
What was one food you loved as a kid but now you cant stand?
How does posting pictures of your body online for attention mean you “love yourself”?
/u/AutoModerator on [serious] For those that had children because you loved your SO and not because you wanted children, are you happier now compared to pre children? Why or why not?
Would you enjoy making sweet love to a twink? Why or why not?
What would you choose as a topic for 'Scenes From A Hat!'?
What is the most physical pain you've ever felt?
Chefs and foodies of Reddit, which food fad makes you cringe? Or which food trend has lasted longer than you expected?
Do you feel, personally, like you could only find love in a attractive person? Why or why not?
Biggest Pet peeve?
Where’s the best affordable all inclusive place to honeymoon??
People who were fed their pets as kids without knowing; what happened? [serious]
People who lost their pets after many years with them, how long did it take for you to get over them and what did you do to help "heal" the pain?
What to do when food is so expensive yet still hungry?
What about being blissfully in love turns people off?
What's one food that made you say "Oh my God"?
What do you love most about yourself?
What social media platform can I use freely without fear of punishment for my political beliefs?
What compromises are you willing to make with folks on the opposite political spectrum in order to bring people together?
Artists of reddit, what are some of your encounters with art thrives, tracers, etc?
If you were to commit in style, how would you do it?
What was your favorite stuffex animal growing up? What made them your favorite?
What food do you love that most people can’t stand?
Bearded people of reddit. What have been your worst experiences with eating food?
Medical Professionals of Reddit: What do medical TV dramas and movies get wrong that drives you nuts?
Adrenaline Junkies, What is your day job?
People who are no longer on speaking terms with family members, how and why did it happen?
People of reddit, what is your unusual pet peeve?
Which grammatical error makes your blood boil the most?
What is the wildest thing you've seen on a wedding/baby registry?
What's a "long story" that you don't usually bother telling people?
If humans were kept as pets by another species, what fun and interesting things would we have to keep us from getting bored?
What is a song you know the the whole lyrics of?
If the book-mobile came to your child’s school, what piece of literature/reading material would you be most shocked to see being sold?
A zombie apocalypse has broken out: you have to select a team of yourself and 3 others (alive or dead) to ensure you survive. Who's in your team?
Cave Divers/Spelunkers of Reddit: what do you do when you’re in the middle of a long excursion (incursion?) and nature calls?
What's one food that you love but the rest of your family hates?
What will be your new pseudonym if you combine the color of your underwear and your favorite food? And where would this nickname fit best?
When’s the last time you went to bad at night genuinely grateful nothing higher up the food chain ate you?
Why do people hate the word “ain’t” so much but love to use the word “there’s” (instead of THERE ARE) to describe plural things/people? AIN’T they hypocrites?
Women of reddit, under what circumstances would you say yes to kissing a totally random lad (assuming he was attractive) if he asked you for one?
What's a food that you deeply dislike that everyone else seems to like?
Mouth started hurting a few days ago. Googled symptoms and none of the results sounded all that close to current experience. Am confused and concerned, can anyone help?
Youngest siblings of reddit, what’s the thing you hate most about being the youngest sibling?
What is the worst thing you have done? Either to your self or to another person
What would happen if I (hypothetically extremely rich) started buying up beloved historic classic cars and destroying them for fun?
What are some fears you still have from childhood?
What Superpowers Would You Want?
[Serious] You're happily married. One day you cheated on your wife. You love her very much and the one night stand was a mistake. Would you tell your wife? Why/why not?
Troubleshooting Sage 50 Not Opening Step by Step ?
Dear Fast food delivery workers, what has been the weirdest request you’ve ever received?
How often do you get together with your relatives aunt/cousin?
How do you show brotherly love without being called big gay?
What tv series hooked you from the very first episode?
Whats something you loved that was suddenly ruined?
What's a story you've always wanted to tell but never get the chance?
College graduates, what advice do you have for me, a soon to be college freshman
People who have used the Domino’s Carryout Insurance Program, what’s your story?
What is the worst form of betrayal you have experienced in your life?
What's your go-to car song?
People who have allergies to food, what do you really want to try?
What simple and unnecessary item do you own that improves your daily life.
Are birds real?
What's something you like or love about the world?
What is a classic, well loved meal/food that everyone loves, but you cant stand
Does anyone mute poorly dubbed movies and turn CC on to then make the voices for the characters in your head to see if it's better?
Hey r/askreddit what is the worst state you found a baseball in and for you people who have not found one do you love me?
Are there any healthy foods/ingredients that are addicting the way sugar is?
What are some bad experiences with pets that you have had?
[Serious] Animal lovers who have been to countries with lots of street dogs, how did you manage not trying to save them all?
What to do: First love vs new gf
Bbq Grill Recommendations?
If our pets gossiped about us to each other, what would they say?
What is something you used to love, but someone or something ruined for you?
If you could creat a relaity show, what would be the theme?
What's the smartest thing you've ever done?
Why can’t white people handle spicy food?
People of the food industry of reddit, what crazy thing happend to you while working in the kitchen?
People of Reddit what’s the weirdest natural phenomena you have ever seen?
Is it possible to get rid of rational fears such as dying or a loved one dying? [Serious]
what would you do if you have only five last minute to use internet?
What movie gets a lot of hate that you love?
People who love to state "Can you do better?" why does it escape your mind that you don't have to be able to create something to be able to validly criticise it?
What’s it called when you love someone emotionally but desire to fuck other people as well?
[Serious] People living in Northern Israel and Lebanon, has there been false alarms aka testings of the sirens/alarms?
What are some good paying jobs I can study for in South Africa
Americans of reddit, why haven't your gun laws changed yet?
Former college students of reddit what is an unwritten rule of college life?
What's the dumbest things your parents did/do or believe/believed?
People of reddit what’s the meaning of life for you?
What is a food that you love but everyone else hates?
Fast food workers of reddit, what are some surprisingly good perks you receive from your restaurant, and what restaurant is it?
What was your last dream?
How do you write a love letter without being in love with someone?
Reddit Census: How old are you (if your age is already posted do the updoot)?
You have to eat one food for a week what would it be (one food item somehing like a taco with every type of food won't work)​?
[serious] We've seen it in movies we love such as Equilibrium and John Wick, but the question remains if Gunkata is a fight style that would have a place in real world combat?
What food did you depise or haven't eaten that you now came to love?
Why are people so arrogant of their race like "Im Native American so I tan better" or "Im black so I can run faster etc?
Redditors, how did you learn to love and forgive yourself? And what are your go to methods of reassuring yourself it's not all bad?
Adults of Reddit, what's one non-food item your parents had a large supply of but you have none of?
High school graduates that took a year off after HS. Did you end up going back to college? If not where did you end up?
What’s something/someone everyone seems to love but you just can’t stand? Could be a food, song, celebrity, etc. anything.
Programmers of reddit what is the best and easiest programming language to develop apps for mobile
People of Reddit what was your I think I’m in love with you moment with your current SO?
The internet elects a king, and its websites are the electoral college. Who do we elect and who does each website vote for?
Father's of Reddit, what one thing did you love but your child absolutely ruined for you?
Gift suggestions for a new college student?
Which dipping sauce taste good enough to eat with out food?
What do you think makes people not take you seriously?
Weird food you thought was normal but only you’re family does it?
Redditors who have suffered through a loved one's terminal illness, what was the experience like for you and how did it feel when it was finally over?
What do you love about yourself?
People who go to an unconventional college (art, drama, etc...) What was you most batshit experience?
Have any if you guys ever found a fortune from a fortune cookie that relates to something your doing at the moment?
What is a movie you loved as a kid and realized once grown up that it was utter garbage?
You’re 14 years old, you’re at a brothel, and your father told you to pick one and they all cost the same. What do you do?
If they made a movie based on your high school years, which social stereotype would you be?
Tomorrow is a new day: what do you plan on doing better?
What is the dumbest thing kids have ever done that made you laugh very hard?
What do you do if you fall in love with your bully? (plz help)
Who was your favorite teacher/college professor when you were going to school?
What did you do that almost got you fired?
Expats of Reddit, what are your best tips when moving to another country ?
What two food items never EVER go together?
What is some advice you have for people who just graduate from college?
what's your crazy love story?
What is something you love doing, that other people think is stupid?
If used in cooking/food making would semen be a sauce or a condiment?
What's the latest trend in your school/college? I'm talking anything, from bracelets to spanking.
Who was the last YouTuber you discovered?
Reddit, what food do you feed your dog and why?
Has the quality of love gone down recently, why or why not?
Whats the worst food you’ve ever eaten, and why?
Cancel culture: Have you ever been involved in “cancelling” someone? Or even publicly shamed?
American people, what are you tired of hearing non-americans complain about US?
What's the reddit post you remember the most?
People of Reddit, what have most of people experienced but You haven’t?
Who has a “hand-me-down name” and why?
People who loved playing team sports while growing up, what careers have you found that give you that same kind of camaraderie with people?
What is the most black person phrase?
What are some foods that look amazing, but taste terrible?
[Serious] When has a gut feeling turned out to be wrong?
What would you do to torture your worst enemy?
What is a strange combination of food that you enjoy but others might see as strange?
Good movies to watch to kill time?
Why you're losing your appetite when you are inlove with someone?
In your opinion, what is love?
Do you care what people wear or do you not give a sh*t?
What band does everyone hate that you secretly love?
Fellow Redditors, what’s your profession and what aspect of it brings you happiness?
How did you get your name on here?
What's the most addictive food out there?
What is a sound you love?
Why do certain foods smell unpleasant when they are cold?
[Serious] How did losing a loved one change you?
Couples on Reddit, what is your interracial love story?
Redditors who love reading comments under songs on YouTube, what is the most touching comment you've read and under which song?
Elders of Reddit what's your advice to the 21st century teenager ?
What food do you always eat with hot sauce?
[Serious] Workers of Reddit, how did you treat grades in high school/college and how is it affecting you now?
What is your pets name and why did you name them that?
What is your favorite color? Why?
What are some careers someone who loves baseball go for?
Which sportspeople are actually really nice?
What is the dumbest thing you have done while?
To people who lost loved ones or had someone leave their life, what's the last thing you wish you told that person or what's a regret you have ?
Reddit, what is your worst flaw during sex? And how has it affected your love life?
Typically, if people who cannot adopt pets for financial or other reasons visit an animal shelter, how permissible is it to allow them to pet or play with the animals sometimes to keep them company?
What foods do you eat to bulk up ?
Construction workers, why does everything seem to be scheduled at the same time?
Can anyone name any unique love stories/romance novels written as a journal/diary, letters, etc?
What food did you grow to hate over time and why?
What makes humans not cultivate and demosticate some wild foods that are edible?
If you had 200 high schools students you didn't know and were assigned to split them into groups of 20 that get along fairly well, what questions would you ask them to help sort them into groups?
What food do you think is underrated?
How do you find out the names of actresses in a porno?
Do Crest White Strips (Professional White Variant- 20 strips-30 minutes a day) need to be applied consecutively day after day? Or can they spread out to 2-3 times a week to avoid Teeth Sensitivity issues?
Why doesn't bacteria in our food develop heat resistance like bacteria exposed to antibiotics develops drug resistance?
In light of Father's day, why do you love your father?
Why do the Spanish TV stations that broadcast originally English speaking movies and shows, only cast audio in Spanish?
What Was the scariest thing that happened at a Family Gathering?
What song do you really hate that everyone else loves?
What’s something you didn’t like, but learned to love. How did you learn to love it?
Why is everyone so willing to through away our basic human rights for the sake of security from a small percentage of sucky people?
Redditors of reddit, what’s the best post you’ve seen
How do you cope with your asshole boss?
What artist/band did you dislike, not see the appeal of, or even hate at first- but eventually came to love?
Americans of reddit, what's your most Alabama 100 moment/story?
Does anyone have anything that could make me happy again, I’m 11 and no one loves me I don’t know what to do.
What's your daily ritual?
What keeps you going?
Why are you eating what you are eating now?
Non-depressed people of Reddit, what's your opinion on (possible) legal self euthanization?
What's a word you hate to have to say out loud because it sounds weird or is difficult to say?
What food(s) do you like sometimes but not other times?
What was a moment that you wanted to last forever?
What artificial/imitation foods taste better than the real thing?
What favour did you do for someone that backfired?
Redditors who live in a college dorm, what was the drunkest thing you did?
Which female football player currently playing in the Fifa women's world cup have you jerked off too?
r/askreddit have you ever shot someone protecting your house, yourself, or someone you loved?
Do you believe 'lightning bolt to the heart' true love exists? Why or why not?
What is the weirdest combination of food you have seen someone eating?
Redditors that have a first name that has been "meme'd" (Chad, Karen, etc.), how has it affected your life?
Who do you love and why do you love them?
People who get tables rather than booths at restaurants, how do you live with yourselves?
What feeling or memory does your Favorite food give you?
What’s another weird poem talking about food similar to “The Emperor of Ice Cream?”
For people who love offensive jokes. Are there any subjects that should never be joked about?
What's the last food you ate that gave you the runs?
Who was your first love like? Do you miss them?
To couples who both play video games often and who live together, what are your set ups? And how do you decide who gets the living room TV?
What, if any, legal problems could you face due to injury or death resulting from consensual sex (for example, if she swore she could handle it but your winky was too mighty for her)?
Could cheating on your loved one ever be beneficial to your love/sex life together?
What’s your favorite love story from something that’s not really meant to be one?
What is the weirdest reason you fell in love with someone?
Why do so many people on reddit fall for obvious troll bait?
What is some of the cheapest but best food you’ve had?
I caught a mouse in a humane trap and it proceeded to give birth to 4 babies. What do I do? I’ve already put it in an old hamster cage with a box of food and water?
Does this quote from Mark Twain, apply to you, "Do what you love, and you'll never work another day in your life"?
You woke up in the 70s as Elton John. What do you do?
I was bit by a deer tick, but it mightve been a lone star tick, and i dont know how long its been there. I have a small rash at the spot, semi bulls eye, but i fear i might get lymes disease. What do i do?
What are two foods that go together?
What's something you've seen on the internet that you just can't scrub from your brain?
What's a meal you miss eating?
What is one popular food combination that you don’t like?
Medical students of reddit, how do you cope with studying such an intense and content heavy course ?
How often do you think about death?
People that have been saved by their pets. What happened?
What is the most interesting experience you've had while using a ride-sharing app?
Why people cheat their lover. ?
What rules would you make if you were the head of a committee/council in your college?
When is it too early to say "I love you"?
People of reddit, which was the weirdest dish you ever eat?
What’s one thing you wish you had done when in college?
People who live outside the USA: Who is the most American non American you know?
How would you explain what a meme is to someone who hasn't seen one?
[Serious]People of England, How did you learn of Princess Diana's death and how did you react?
Do you believe in a god?
How would you pay tribute to your loved one?
People who have been in a love triangle, how did things turn out?
What do you take or do in order to get the energy to start your day?
Why is nature so metal?
Military personnel of reddit, did you ever see anything unexplainable while on deployment ?
Straight People of Reddit, have you ever said you were gay and why did you do it ?
What is/was your college major and why did you choose to pursue it?
What do you do when you catch spiders in your house and why?
Joining the foodservice industry; What are good things to know or watch for?
Music lovers of reddit, what’s your favorite band/artist and why? What’s the most beautiful thing from them and why are they so important to you?
Has anyone ever met someone who you genuinely think they might end up living with their parents and/or working in fast food or retail for the rest of their lives?
So Books, Movies, and TV shows get sequels all the time. What are some Songs that deserve a sequel, or maybe even a prequel?
Pun lovers, What are some 200iq puns you guys have?
Hello fellow humans! I would like to know if there is public protest going on in your part of the world and why it’s happening. I’d love to hear the stories! Thanks.
How do you know you're NOT in love?
Other Redditors that have grown to love the platform, what is it you like about Reddit the most?
Women on ARAD, do you ever visit any of the dick pic subs on Reddit?
What will you do if you fall in love with a married woman or a girl with a boyfriend?
who do you love most, your pets or your children?
I was in a hospital in Magaluf for two days and wasn’t allowed to eat. Now I’m home and it’s been three days without any food. What’s the first thing you’d eat if you hadn’t eaten for three days?
Why do people fall in love again and again, even after being with the love of their lives? Are there any psychological reasons behind that? Is it normal?
What movie does everyone else love, but you hate?
What’s the grossest thing you’ve found in food?
What was your “This isn’t for me” moment while in college?
You have 20 minutes to advise your former self entering high school the next day. What advice do you give him/her?
Americans of Reddit, how would you feel about strengthening laws that punish employers for hiring undocumented workers?
If your deceased loved one was alive for one day, what would you do with them?
What almost killed you?
Are you okay going to concerts or sport events all by yourself?
Isn't r/food basically just Instagram on reddit?
Is everything natural a source of food? Rock is food for plants?
Reddit foodies: What’s a good combination or snack you prepare which is weird but you love?
What annoying thing did you not know you were doing until someone told you?
How long has it been since you’ve eaten at a fast food establishment and which one was it?
What inappropriate comments have you heard at work?
When dog food is new and improved tasting, who tests it?
The one who got away: How did they get away and how often do you think about them?
Hey History fanatics of Reddit what is one of your favorite times in history that people might not know about and why is that?
People of reddit, how do you feel about your SO making considerably less money then you?
If there were food police; what crime would get you the death penalty?
Redditors who got a college degree and ended up doing something else, what made you choose a different career field not related to your degree?
Why do some coworkers get mad at you if you don't love your job?
Does depression ever subside on its own?
What fictional character would you love to have a conversation with? What would you talk about?
Redditors who made a marriage pact when you were younger, what happened?
What strange videos you love to watch on YT?
What the most annoying pet peeve or habit of someone near you?
Reddit, give me love advice. [Serious]
If you could wake up tomorrow and have any job in the world that you loved and that didn’t feel like a job because you enjoyed it so much what would it be?
What animal, located on any part of the food chain, has the greatest instincts for survival?
If you could go to the past to tell yourself something, what would it be?
What noise would drive you insane if you heard to many times ?
When you’re feeling down, what’s your go to movie or tv show that’ll cheer you up?
Music lovers of Reddit, is there a band or artist that you have fallen out of love with?
Therapists: have you ever fallen in love with a patient? What did you do about it?
To people who have been to college and got two degrees, what was it like in college the second time around?
People who have abandoned a friend/lover without an explanation, what was the actual reason? Did you ever get back together with the person you dumped?
What are good investments/passive incomes?
What's one thing that you would love to change about your family/ family dynamics? And what's something that you love and would never change about your family/ dynamic?
What is something (food or otherwise) that people love in one form but can’t stand in another?
Teachers of reddit, what do you love/hate about your job? Would you recommend it?
What do you think is the sexiest looking inanimate object?
Honest, non-judgemental question: People who eat at Chick-fil-A, how do you in good conscience buy their food knowing what they do with their money?
how come we can’t expand life span of pets or animals?
Is being called a"fuckboy" a compliment? Why or why not?
What is one popular fad from when you were growing up that you never took part in?
Non-americans who love guns; how do you fill your void for gun loving if you are not able to own or shoot one?
If you could add the body part of any animal to yourself, what would it be? For the record, anyone who says whale penis, I'm laughing at you.
What are some “no brainer” software developments that you’d love to see in iPhones?
My arm gets tired screwing in a light bulb. I’ve always wondered how the muppeteers kept their arms up so long without shaking and making it look like the muppets have ALS.
What is a good gift for a new college student?
If you could only eat one colour of food for the rest of your life, which colour would you choose and why?
What is a movie that audiences love, but critics hate?
Whats something that you hated when you were younger that you love now?
What's creepier in the morning than at night?
What's Your "I Accidentally Broke The Law" Story?
Reddit, how do you get over someone you love (it’s been more than 3 years)?
What's a food establishment you truly don't understand the popularity of?
Yes, I’m doing it... what’s your stance on abortion?
Is it just me or there are now two guys for upvote and downvote? And as soon as I press upvote it changes to a woman and downvote to the angry emoji? Or was it just in r/woooosh ?
What are your most profound ways to tell someone you love them with only one sentence?
People of Reddit what was your best memory of working fast food?
What's the weirdest food combination you love but, grosses out other people?
What are some things that you love/hate doing?
What’s the saddest thing you ever did for money while in college?
Why your Grandmother is so important to your life?
Who would you most like to spend a day with, Keanu Reeves or Bill Murray?
[Serious] How are you guys?
What is a food that you hate the smell of, but love the taste of?
Who is your goto music artist when you feel sad?
What movie is so ridiculously stupid, but you love it anyway?
Whose lungs and body would you love to pump full of farts and why?
Why did Celebrities stop talking about selling their souls and all that stuff ?
Would you be able eat your left arm if it was your only food source?
What was something you were scared to try but love it when you finally did it?
Doctors of reddit, have patients ever done drugs in your office? If so, what drugs were they?
Is the Internet fostering toxic diversity?
What were you scared of as a child that doesn't make sense?
People with food allergy’s, have you ever unknowingly ate something you were not supposed to? What happened?
Who have you loved most in your life?
What are some things you wish you knew before going to college?
What fictional character would be great at an unrelated everyday irl job and why?
Is there any subreddit to ask people to play videogames with you?
Redditors who have lost a loved one to suicide, what would you tell them if you had one more chance?
What food tastes the best but looks the worst?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
How long do you date before giving her the credit card?
Is garlic bread A breakfast food?
What is your biggest “I can’t believe I just got away with that” moment?
Really, why?
What do you think the world will look like in 2050 if we keep living like this?
What’s something you would love to tell your boss but can’t?
What was the best orgasm you ever had?
Why do I get hiccups when I eat french fries or bread?
Does anyone know how to disable autocapitalization for certain words in Android? LOL and OK for example make you seem like a tipsy college chick
People of reddit, what is the best backhanded compliment you’ve ever received, one that made you go “thank you, fuck you”?
What lies are okay to tell?
What's something someone can say to you that would take you less than a minute to absolutely hate them?
What are some chessy love teams?
Why is it that dogs love sticking their heads out the car window into the wind, but if you lightly blow air into their face, they go nuts?
Who else loves putting chips or other salty snacks on sandwiches?
People who have attempted suicide, what made you so depressed, and how is your post-depression life now?
What's a song everyone loves but you just don't get?
Dog lovers of Reddit, how would you deal with a situation of choosing to follow a family members orders and taking care of a foster dog?
Music, theater, and written word have existed for milennia, so discounting things that have merely been altered into an American expression of the form (Rap, Jazz, &amp; Country music, American Literature, etc.) Are there any distinctly American Art forms?
What R&amp;B song(s) made you fall asleep rather than fall in love?
Why do we have to kill animals for food?
How did you meet the love of your life?
It’s the end of the world as you know it. 1 in 20 people survive, the rest are gone without a trace. Monkeys are our new animal companion of choice, what do you do to survive?
Redditors of reddit , did you have any "problem" when doing a family tree in school?
People who are usually loyal to a brand / company / service for years, what made you change?
In terms of street food, why do you think that Asian cuisine takes almost all of the spotlight?
What do you think is an commonly overlooked but extremely important event in world history?
People who were previously overweight, what motivated you to get in shape?
What is the difference between making love and fapping ?
People of Reddit who have two dogs adopted at different times, how did you make it so that you don’t love your first dog more than second dog and vice versa?
Stranded on an island with your wife and 3 children, only way to survive is by eating at least 3 of them, your wife is your age and in good shape, ur oldest, 18 year old in prime condition, middle child is 14, he had a little puppy fat but nothing serious, youngest child is 4 years old, who u eatin?
What's a weird food combination that's really good?
There is a portal which allows you to time travel but you get cloned each time you use it. What do you do?
What would your favorite song sound like if you had to tweak it to be the new jingle for Viagra?
Why there are too much too much indirect restrictions for religious persons to fall in love with opposite-sex humans ?
Have you ever been so high that even poop mixed with food still tastes good?
What's the creepiest thing you have seen in your sleep paralysis?
What's your weirdest food combination?
How is college life? Is there a lot of bullying in college? Is it true that people tend to lose contact after high school? What's the one thing you wish you did in high school and what's the one thing you wish you hadn't done in high school?
What was your high school/college or university scandal?
What is something you wouldn't do even for love (excluding the word "THAT")?
How do I work with my niece to explain to her that the people who don't come visit her still love and care about her? Or do I just not even bother?
What's the worst thing a teacher has ever done in class?
Was their any real notorious joyriders or getaway drivers?
What is one thing you love about the opposite gender and what is one thing you hate?
What was the longest prayer you’ve participated in, that you can remember?
Foreigners what do you love about America?
Gamers of Reddit, What is your biggest pet peeve when it comes to gaming?
What is the best way to handle rude people on Reddit?
In honor of The 75th anniversary of D-Day, I’d love to thank a veteran who was there. I am humbled by those brave men.
what is the scariest thing you have seen a company try to do/ the biggest scam you have ever seen.
What's a food combo so weird that actually works?
I drink kombucha at work. If there’s an incident, my eating and sleeping habits are factored into who is at fault. I know the alcohol content is negligible, but since it technically has alcohol in it, should I not drink it at work?
Parents of Reddit, what made you decide to have kids?
As an introvert should I get a gym membership ?
What does it mean if at a sleep away camp a girl has a guy anonymously send you a note that says “I love you and I love your body”?
What laws should every country in the adopt?
People of Reddit, what song do you absolutely love that most people think is terrible?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What is the weirdest food combination you’ve heard of/tried?
What Guinness World Record did you attempt to break and failed?
Frozen concrete floor at work needs patching
How to beat complexes?
People who have come Into money, has it helped or hurt your life?
What is one thing you wish you knew earlier before going into your job/school?
Redditors, How lame do you think you are?
Dear Reddit, what did you do that hurt the person you love?
Coping with the loss of a loved one.
[Serious] How do you love again after a really bad relationship?
What food or canned/bottled drink do you wish grew on trees?
How can I "slow down" time when I'm spending it with the people I love?
What books did you love reading in middle school and why?
Did you ever loved a TV show and rewatch it years later and thought: " God, it's total bullshit" and which show was it?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that took you going to college (or just moving out) to learn how to do?
Why do poeple fall in love again and again, even after being with the love of their lives? Is there any psychological reason behind that? I'm curious.
Fast food workers, what’s the worst experience you’ve had with a order?
[serious] As far as I know, news in Western countries is generally not subject to large-scale censorship. However, if it were, how would we be able to know?
What moment in your life made you the most proud (of yourself or somebody else)?
What's the worst character in your favorite TV show/ Movie?
Students of Reddit, what kind of crazy substitutes have you had?
Fast food workers of reddit, what’s the dumbest thing a customer have done?
What’s your favorite comfort food?
If someone is always writing caption like "magic, spiritual, third-eye, aura, chakra etc", what's that mean?
People who dropped out of college, what caused you to drop out?
What’s something you love that is highly unknown?
What are some situations that would be taken out of context unless you give a full presentation on it?
How do I overcome money spending problems and being scares to spend money? I either am scared to spend any money on anything or I spend too too much. What should I do?
How often do you take time out for yourself, and what do you do?
Stepfathers of reddit how did you gain trust/love/acceptance from your stepchildren?
Disabled people of reddit what hurtful things do abled people do with realizing it hurts ?
Any foods that taste better for leftovers than eaten fresh?
If love had a physical form, what would it look like?
How has the food of your culture evolved over time/ come to be?
What's your favourite food to eat when you're high ?
What is the most toxic subreddit you have come across?
When your best friend has been with you through thick and thin, provided you all the support you needed, why would you leave your 10+ year friendship for the person you love?
Chefs of Reddit, what happened when you didn't recognize a food critic and served him/her just like everyone else?
Just curious, does seeing your comment having an up vote make you feel good?
How close are you to snapping?
What did you learn about yourself when you went to college/university that was totally unexpected?
What is one life hack you learned while in high school and/or college?
What natural calamity do you wish to not experience?
Frank Ocean getting a lot of love on AskReddit
What's the weirdest food combination you love but, grosses out other people?
What is something that you had seen in your parents house during your childhood that made you wonder what it is?
What is a food that is delicious, but surprisingly healthy for you?
You can be in a room with any three real or fictional characters, who do you chose and why?
Favorite movie scene with food that either looks good or always makes you hungry?
Anyone else feel high from eating spicy food?
If you have been on Kitchen Nightmares, does Gordon pay for his food and tip?
What food did you hate as a child, but enjoy as an adult?
How can you tell if your friends are fake?
What do you love the most about the country you live in?
Adventurers of Reddit: I would like to take half of next school year off to hike the Appalachian trail with my dad. He would love to do it with me, but there is just one problem. My mom hates the thought of us leaving. How can I convince her otherwise?
What do competition judging chefs do with food they normally wouldn’t eat and can’t stand the taste of?
You’re at home really bored. You text your friends, but they say they’re really busy. Then you decide to go grab food. When you get there to pick up your food you see all your friends eating lunch and laughing without you. They don’t see you yet. What are you gonna do?
What's the worst experience you had at a "big name" fast food restaurant? and why?
Teachers of Reddit, what was your "Don't tell your parents" moment?
What was your worst food fail?
Redditors who typically don't listen to a lot of "mainstream" music... who are some "mainstream" artists/songs that you love?
Foodies of Reddit: what’s your secret non-foodie indulgence?
Why does the Master of Puppets riff sound familiar, like a meme song?
What is the most stupid thing someone ever accused you of?
What is one food that you used to love until someone/something ruined it for you?
If you could add one cuss word to the lyrics of a popular song, where would you put it?
You may think that this question is cancer, but please spare a moment for this man, sir. Describe your last poop, can you give us the scoop? Can a limerick be the form of your answer?
If your pet is named after a food, does he/she like to eat that food?
Divorced people of Reddit, why didn't you stay together for the kids?
If you would eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s something you find hilarious but no one else ever does?
What funny “rules” have your pets established that you must follow?
What advice would you give someone choosing their college?
What is the weirdest thing your dog or cat has done if you have either of these pets?
Where's the best place to hide a dead body?
why do people think slavery was so bad didn't they get to live rent free and had free food now what do minimum wage losers do spend 50% of their income on rent and the other 50% on food and clothes lol?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was your WTF moment?
What foods look really nice but actually taste like pure dog shit?
Reddit, a zombie apocalypse happens and you need somewhere to go, where do you go and why?
Why can't some people keep a secret?
Users of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing your significant other once said in their sleep?
[Serious] Why don't homeless people just catch pigeon and rabbit for food?
What is the most unappetizing way you can describe your favourite food/meal?
Let's make these guinea pigs the second most followed account on instagram!?!?
Is it normal to HATE receiving oral sex(M28) but love giving one?
when is the last time leonardo dicaprio has gone down on a girl?
Anime lovers of Reddit. What is the best fight scene from your favorite anime?
Do you think it’s possible to fall in love with someone you haven’t seen in person? Eg. person you met online.
Deaf folks of Reddit, how does your inner voice work? (When your brain decides it wants a sandwich how does it tell you? )
How do you make it so a child permenantly can’t scream?
Which fictional universes should have a crossover?
Employees of big fast food chains, what is something people SHOULD order?
What is the easiest/best way to be on the football team in college if you haven’t played football in a year and just miss being a part of something?
[Serious] What are some good tips for writing an open ended college essay that is essentially asking what I think makes me a good candidate to attend that college?
What is something you think everyone should have installed on their computer or laptop?
What’s a food you used to love that you can’t stand anymore?
What is something you absolutely love but everyone hates it ?
Why do public toilets normally have a push door to go in and pull door to go out?
[Serious] People who lost a loved one, how did you learn to cope with it?
What is love?
What is the furthest a tiebreaker or sudden death has gone in sport?
what is something you envy of the opposite sex?
What "unpopular opinion" do you have about something you are a fan of?
How would society be different if humans had the same irregular sleeping patterns as dogs?
What are some good conversation starting questions to ask pet owners?
What would you do if you were losing the one love of your life to your addiction and it's behaviors???
Music lovers of Reddit what is a cover/remix that you think is better than the original song
AskReddit thread about sex “facts” that are myths
Women of reddit, what advice do you have to guys looking to ask someone out? Whether it’s a stranger or somebody they know.
What food combination(s) do you swear by that people give you funny looks for?
Non Mexicans of Reddit, what is your favorite Mexican food that’s not a taco?
Per se somebody were to shove a toilet plunger up their rectum and then were experiencing pain, should they see a doctor?
Eaters of reddit- what food makes you think “I forgot how delicious this is, I should eat this all the time”. But then you forget again.
Has anyone ever died or nearly died in front of you? What happened?
Guys of Reddit, how long did it take you to acquire a favorable taste for the cleanup of your own semen after learning how to masturbate?
People who love where they work, how did you find the right place for yourself? Did you know immediately or did it take time?
Why is so much food in American fast food restaurants fried even though it can be baked in an oven or pan which is way healthier ?
/u/AutoModerator on I convinced my sister to get a reddit because she loves the memes i send her, she has a somewhat edgy sense of humor but is previously an instagram normie for memes, what are some good starter subs for her?
Whats a weird food combo you enjoy but others may find weird?
What are things you wished you knew before going to college?
For those who have a dietary restriction (allergy, intolerance, diabetes, etc.) is there any food/drink that you ate/drank regardless of the consequences?
How would somebody who’s never been in a relationship with a year left of college get into a relationship?
If you could be alone with Keanu Reeves for 2 minutes, what would you say?
What is your favorite kind of food?
How can you best describe being in love with someone?
What is your jobs equivalent to spitting in a bad customers food?
Should we ban reposts on Reddit or have some time limit for reposts?
Do you 'foo fooo' to eat your hot food or do you 'hszvsdhrhxjsbxhdjabxb' to eat it fastly?
Is it safe to eat out your children at night. I live in the inner city. What are your opinions about taking your kids out at night to get food. Do you think its safer to use drivethrough restaurants as there would be less exposure to nightlife
What food give you an outer body experience?
Why do so many Karens frequent this sub and think they’re special?
People of Reddit, What's the food you love, but can't allow yourself to have? and why can't you have it?
What are your best experiences and stories with love?
[Serious] What is a food most people like but you can’t stand to eat?
If your drop food more than once, does the 5-second rule reset each time, or is the timer cumulative?
Can someone please explain to me why everybody seems to love/adore/obsessive about Keanu Reeves?
Married people - what made you realize he/she was the one?
In your opinion should female to male nipples be uncensored on tv? Should male to female nipples be censored?
What are some funny made up book names
What’s a habit you wish you had?
[Serious] I dropped out college
People who found love in the weirdest of places (both physical and emotional), where and how did it happen?
If you could change anything in the world, what would it be?
What are some great things to put on a wishlist? [Serious]
Hey people of Reddit, what are some of your favorite fast food hacks?
You’ve been stranded in a desert deprived of food for days, and finally you see a lit up sign in the distance. What would be the sign you’d personally love to see?
What thing you hate on something that everybody love?
Lucid dreamers of Reddit, what's your favorite thing to dream about? What method works best for you personally to enter a lucid dreaming state?
What’s a celebrity that’s overrated, but a lot of people still love him/her?
Parents of reddit, what compliments does your childern loved to hear the most?
Does anyone actually like love island? If so, why?
What is the saddest love story of all?
Space lovers of reddit, what is the most fascinating fact about space that you’ve learned
What’s a food you learned to love overtime?
If someone borrowed your body for a week. What would you tell them so they are prepared
Is it true that you can only reheat food once, and if not how many times can you reheat food?
What would you pick, aging normally or starting at 90 and aging in reverse?
If humans were the pets of other species, what would "Human food" be?
Redditors, what stories do you have about a dream, or a nightmare, becoming a lucid dream that you then controlled?
If you could have one sub make it to the front page of Reddit, what would it be? And why?
What is the best way to confess your love for someone?
F*** love...wouldnt it be better than way😓?
What’s the most creative way to call someone’s dick small?
Adults of Reddit, why do you dislike the idea of community college?
If you could make one character from any fictional story (eg movie, video game) real, who would you choose?
What was your college experience actually like?
Redditors who finished their college degrees later in life, what are some of the resources you found that were most helpful in keeping you on track?
What is the best love story you have in your life?
What do you love about your country?
There are over 23,000,000 members in this sub, so this should get interesting - what's your favorite odd food combination that everyone else thinks is gross?
How is your day doing?
People that love fear for entertainment... why?
Road construction workers of Reddit, what's the most annoying thing drivers do (other than speeding) in construction zones?
Vegetarians/vegans of Reddit: When you come home really drunk, what kind of food do you shovel in your face?
What's the most perfectly cooked food you've had that had no flavor?
What is a good excuse for me to ask my boss in order to change desk?
Ladies. Why? My girlfriend loves Mcfly, 5sos, jonas bros and all those grunge rock bands. If i say anything about them that is not positive, she gets super mad at me. So i have to act like i love it. But if i get her to listen to one of the songs i like, she says they are shit.
What are the bands that you just cannot stand in your favorite genre of music that seem to be beloved by everyone else that listens to that genre?
Retail and fast food workers of Reddit what's your craziest story?
[SERIOUS] People who failed in college what was your plan after or what did you do after being shattered?
Cat lovers of Reddit: I recently lost my cat on his 1st birthday, he was everything to me. Some of my asshole friends lied about finding him, and led me on for multiple days, and constantly make fun of the fact that i lost him, any ways i can LEGALLY get back at them?
People of reddit what’s your favorite food or snack?
Continue to work at my job which is good for my career or move to the city where the woman I love lives which could damage my career?
What does it feel like to be in love?
If you had to eat one kind of sandwich for the rest of your life, what would it be?
When was the last time you said to your parents that you love them?
How did you first realise you were in love?
Why wasn’t I able to buy the yard at the yard sale? Am I missing the point -_-?
How can you tell if you have a crush or just a really good friend?
What is your last resort food/drink in a vending machine when a lot of things are sold out or you only have a few dollars?
While we would all love to afford a lambo, ferrari, etc., what is your realistic dream car?
Fresh college graduate attempting ghostwriting?
Redditors, How is your university entrance exam? What are you applying from college to your life now?
What is the most comforting thing someone has said to you after you've experienced the loss of a loved one?
What video should you send to your crush without context?
What’s your ‘right place at the right time’ story?
What is the most cringeworthy catch phrase of all time?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the most bizarre request you’ve received?
What is your wildest drunken story?
What song are you listening to right now?
Similar to scanners for local enforcements and Intelsky for military airspace observance...which site is used to observe/track locations of military ships?
I don’t know what to do. I love her so much but she won’t talk to me anymore. She’s blocked me on everything and I am freaking the hell out.
[Serious] Have you ever lied to a terminally ill loved one just before they passed? What did you say and why?
After setting a place and time for a first date, do you continue to text/call the person up until the date?
What foods do you eat to take the biggest shits?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
People who have cheated a fast food place, how did you do it?
90's kids, what do you wish they brought back?
To a Vegetarian trying Meat ONCE in his lifetime, what food would you recommend?
(Serious) Budgeters, how do I stretch $3.50 when I need to buy food
What is your favorite weird food combination?
Chefs of reddit, what's one food that's considered "trashy" that you can't get enough of?
What is one thing that you cannot love without?
In your opinion, what is the best-tasting fast food menu item in the United States other than desserts or drinks?
With inflation in mind, how much more expensive is a Bachelor's degree today compared to 1946-1964 (Boomer period)?
Pet lovers of Reddit what would you do if someone tried to take your furry friend?
What is a TV show you disliked as a kid but fell in love with as an adult?
If every animal got in a fight, Which one would win?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done to make a celebrity notice you?
What age of a child is it most difficult to raise and why?
[serious] What would you make sure you asked/discussed with a loved one or parent before they died, if you knew the time was coming?
I’m starting a thing about learning a new survival tip every day in case the world ends. Can you give me your best tips?
What non-food item did you seriously want to eat the most?
How can someone, not like a person, instantly after meeting them?
What do you like best about your pet/pets?
What is your pets name?
What’s a food you hate that everyone else loves?
Sleep doctors of Reddit. I love the feeling of waking up and laying back down so much that I'm considering setting an extra alarm an hour or two before I actually wake up, just so I can enjoy that. How bad/good of an idea is that?
How would you prevent soneone's suicide?
Dear Redditors, what is your favorite time of the day?
What's the latest you procrastinated against doing a school assignment before the deadline?
How much have you spent on food this month? (Take out , Uber eats, fast food etc not groceries)
How much do you think it would cost to buy every plot of land that is for sale in the US?
Anime suggestions and favorites? I love Toradora and Maid Sama.
Can anyone translate this for me, or know where to find these treats?
Redditors with foot fetishes, why?
Why is food at theme parks so expensive?
With so many relationship, and dysfunctional relationship threads, what makes you the love guru?
Why is Alyssa Milano, a celebrity with little social or political voice for the last several years, now suddenly the voice of a political movement?
If you could date a cartoon character, who would it be and where would you take them to on the date?
Women of Reddit, what were/are your weirdest pregnancy food cravings?
What food are you craving at the moment?
What are your craziest stories from high school/college?
What was your first job out of college like?
What food are you allergic to?
Redditors who have been in love, how did you know you no longer loved the person like you did before? Did you fix it or end the relationship?
Meat, vegetable, fruit, carb, dairy and sugar/fat. Those are your six food groups. You must pick 6 very specific foods that fits each of the groups (1 each) and eat it for the rest of your life, what do you pick?
People of Reddit... my college is proposing a change to the school day. The student opinion seems to be “NO!”. But the college won’t listen. What would be a suitable way for students to request a vote on the proposed changes?
What is something you know about someone else that if you told them, it would ruin their life?
Fellow Teachers of Reddit, how do you cope with your students graduating and moving up or going off to college?
What is the strangest coincidence you've ever experienced?
Is the reparations talk in US politics just a way of promising to buy votes with tax payers dollars? Do you think it would change anything?
Who was your "crazy" childhood friend/classmate that you still shudder to think about to this day?
Have you ever tried Fruity Pebbels? good.
Why do those that want to spread peace and love end up getting assassinated?
Fathers of Reddit, what are you hoping to get for Father’s Day this year?
How would you know if he really loves you or he's just playing with you and your feelings?
You are given one superpower. What would you use it for and why?
What is something that people always do in public that infuriates you?
People who didn’t have college or rent paid for them by their parents, how did you do it?
How did you meet your bestfriend?
Has the death of a loved one ever resulted in (your) depression? How did you get over it?
What moment made sou realise you are on reddit too much?
What's the weirdest food combo you only made while you were poor?
I feel like the size of a banana should be implied in the name. So a small one is a bana, a normal/medium sized one is a banana, and a big one is a bananana. What do you think of this idea?
What do you have a love/hate relationship with?
What food does everyone have to try if they go to your town?
You have waken up in the middle of the night. You get out of you bed to go to the bathroom but your favourite fictional character is already there. Who is in your bathroom?
When was your first experience with doing drugs, and how did it go?
What is love?
Guys, how do you express love to your guy friends without being gay?
Has there been a time you regret not saying I love you?
Quick positive only ! What do you love about your body?
What happened that made you never have that drink or food again?
Have you ever had this question that you really wants people to ask you, because you have the perfect answer for said question, but no one asks you that exact question? If so, what is the question/answer?
People in long term relationships: How is are you still in love with your SO after all this time?
Hi Everyone! I've started playing D&amp;D, and we are all about immersion, we rent out bigger rooms to LARP and want more. I work at a Scent shop, with all kinds of scenty oils, anyone know any good mixes? Like Pine and Clove is good for taverns, are there any other mixtures yall can recommend?
Which food could you eat an entire package of in one sitting?
How can you find out what Universities and Colleges have strong programs for what you're looking for, like finding out if a college has a good Physics or Journalism program?
Whats the weirdest food combo that actually works?
I'll be headed off to college soon
Which college degree or combo degrees will get you the most happiness in life?
Hey everyone! Can you suggest some great artists / bands to listen to while high? (All genres are welcome)
[serious] Those who walked into a suicide attempt of a loved one, what was your experience like?
What are good countries to travel to for the food?
What food makes you fart afterwards almost every time you eat it.
Redditors in love, what was your “holy shit im in love” moment?
What song best represents who you are?
Carnivores of Reddit, why do you love meat so much?
To people who live alone, when you poop/pee/shower in the bathroom do you lock the door?
People of Reddit: why?
When was the first time you realized not all of your favorite foods paired together like you hoped it would?
Where can I find free college level learning resources and study guides?
In the “Cars” cinematic universe, the vehicles cant just be coming out of nowhere. Can you give a detailed explanation of how planes and cars reproduce in their respective movies of “Planes” and “Cars”?
What's the smallest value of coin you'd pick up if you saw it outside on the ground?
What’s the biggest power move you’ve ever witnessed?
What happens to those people who doesn’t worth your time/friendship? Do they ever find someone who loves them?
People who have struggled and overcame addiction, what was your experience like and how did you overcome it?
Why do so many women love obvious bullshit like astrology, psychics, or reality tv?
Can you handle spicy food? If so HOW?!?!?
It’s bath time!
What was one thing a friend said to you that instantly ruined your friendship?
What was the one instance in your life were you regretted not doing/joing in with something?
What is one television show that you loved but other people hated?
On a scale of 1 - 10, yes or no?
which celebrity do you genuinely think is good at sucking dick?
/u/throwtowardnotaway responds to: How have you seen a persons life be ruined in a single day? [+30]
As a slim person who loves to eat but doesn't gain weight, what is the most offensive thing that's been said about you? Either to your face or behind your back?
What was yours or your partner's "Babe, do you still love me?" funny/dumb moments?
What's the longest you could love live out of a suitcase?
If you had the whole world's attention for 1 minute, what would you say?
After reading a post about mostquito's yesterday and how they choose their victims, what are your most effective ways of keeping these pests away?
Which do you choose? A painful yet sudden death, followed by limbo, after which your soul will be judged and sent off accordingly... or eternal life on a dying planet, where you watch all that you know and love wither and fade away, until you are nothing but an empty shell floating through space?
What is the dumbest thing you can think of that actually makes sense?
How are you doing today Reddit?
[serious] what do i say to the girl i love, i met a girl 4 years back and we grew quite fond of each other but neither of us has come around, what do i say to seal the deal?
what's something everyone else seems to love that you just can't understand why it's as good as they say
Travelers and tourists of Reddit, What is your favorite food you tasted from another country?
Hurry!! What do you love most about yourself?
Those who do not have a college degree, what do you do for a living &amp; are you comfortably able to support your family?
Police of Reddit, has an offender ever replied with "scissors" after you've asked for their papers?
Women of reddit what is something that you wish men did more of during sex, or your SO does that you absolutely love?
What is something you HATE, that everyone else loves?
How much does smell influence your love life?
What are some posts that got more attention for the comments rather than the actual post itself?
What is your catchpose?
In love or lust
Is bullying ever useful, why or why not?
What was your smooth as fuck moment?
What song are you most ashamed to love?
who has a better life than porn casting agents that fuck 18 year olds daily?
How bad of a crime would a sibling have to commit for you to turn them in to the authorities?
Parking lot workers of Reddit (cart pushers, security, etc.) what's the weirdest you've seen at work?
Rich people of reddit, how did you make it? What did you study back in college? Any tips for the next generation?
Dear reddit, what is the weirdest experience you've had with an ex-lover?
What is your best lovely memories with your mom 💓 ?
What is something you do because you love but people think you do because you're cheap?
Have you ever tried to make someone who really liked you hate you? Tell me your story
Phone booth maintainence workers of Reddit, how do you decide when a phone book is torn enough to replace?
What's your perfect ideal breakfast? (food, drink, setting, etc)
What you loved as a kid, but hate as an adult?
Doctors of Reddit, have you ever had to leave someone behind?
What is your argument for most versatile food?
What if you don't know why the officer pulled you over?
What are some tips to adjusting to college?
What made you fall in love or makes you fall in love?
What is a fun fact you fell everyone should know?
All people of Reddit, what are some ways to say “Fuck you” in other languages?
Fellow LGBT+ members of reddit, when did you first realize you were “different?”
What is your dream vacation?
Why aren't Americans quitting the US to go to college?
Why would a TV made after 2000 have a default year set any earlier than 2000?
It's your wedding day and you have severe food poisoning coming out of both ends, what do you do?
What is something you would never wish on anyone?
What should someone do if the S.O would rather spoil the household pets over the other person in the relationship?
What is your favorite food that you can take in 5times week, me:rice you?
For those of you who have gone to college/university and have a "nightmare" or bad roommate story - what happened and what was done to handle it?
Spicy food lovers of Reddit, why do you enjoy spicy food, despite it being a painful experience?
What should you look out for when searching for a college apartment?
People who started college late, how was it?
Other than programming, what other hobbies may programmers like?
Aspiring musicians, what are you doing to make yourself known?
What is the most profound way to express love to someone with only one sentence?
What was the moment in your life when you realized you loved your SO?
What is something unique to your culture that you absolutely love?
Do you know her? I think i'm running into a catfish but She is the most beautiful girl i've ever seen. https://ibb.co/L0HFn10
Which sport do you think is played the most in Israel and why?
What weird things do your pets do?
If you could be a bender from Avatar (The Last Airbender), regardless of the story which type would it be and which do you think would be the most useful?
What food is bad if it’s crispy?
Fast food workers, what’s the BEST item at your restaurant? And why?
Best hotel with good peeping views of other hotel windows?
Fellow germaphobes of Reddit, how do you eat certain foods without getting your hands sticky/greasy/grimy?
What is something you say you hate but secretly love doing?
What is the best Chinese-food restaurant? (no geographical restrictions)
Redditors who married or/are inlove with non-living things, are you satisfied?
What’s a lyric from an old song whose message still applies to today’s world?
What’s your story of realizing someone was subtweeting you way too late?
Redditors who went to Ivy-League or a high top-tier rated university/college around the world, do you feel clever? How does your brain operate on a daily basis?
What was something that you wish would've known before going into uni/college?
Every male creature on earth has died except you. Any male creature born dies instantly. What do you do?
What are some good and bad behaviors of a college dorm roommate?
What title will you award to each mod/ Redditor?
When they make food, who and how do they decide what a serving size is?
What thing are you really wanting to get into, but won't because of other people who are into it?
Why does everyone love Keanu Reeves?
Do you think that it's important to have an emotional connection with the other person when having sex? Why?
[SERIOUS] To the ones who have performed some kind of surgery or autopsy on an acquaintance/friend/loved one: what has been your experience?
What is the Creepiest or Scariest thing that ever happened to you to make you think it could possibly be Ghosts or the Supernatural (even though you don't believe in such a thing)?
Angry Video Game Nerd does a review of College Buddies, what happens?
How do you make long-lasting friendships in college?
When was the last time you read your most beloved book from childhood? And what is it?
Sex offenders of Reddit, what was your motive?
The Gorge: you can eat any food deemed currently forbidden to you for 24 hours. What would you eat?
Why does every pothead I meet love Willie Nelson, but they’ve never heard 1 of his songs?
People who met their role model, what was it like?
Runners of Reddit, how did you get into it? Why do you keep running?
If you had two children and you had to name one after your favourite food and the other after your favourite drink, what would their names be?
What advice would you give a fresh-out-of-college new hire at a corporate office?
What's a dumb phrase you say to your pets?
Movie lovers of Reddit, who is your favorite director, and why?
If you could become a mythical race which one would it be and why?
What world changing event occurred in the last month that society hasn't given enough attention to?
Is online love real love?
I'm pursuing my master's in statistics.How can I pursue my career in datascience without any prior knowledge of programming?
What is it really like serving in the military?
Employees of Reddit, what was the funniest situation you've ever been in in a break room?
What smell do you love more than anything?
You get to build and run your own country, what things and laws do you implement and what is it called?
/u/AutoModerator on Do you believe in love at first sight?
Whats the best airline?
What weird food combination do you really enjoy?
What is your personal definition of love?
What will be the, "If you or a loved one have been exposed to ___, you may be entitled to a large lump sum" commercial in the year 2060?
What is important to share with loved ones when they enter hospice?
What song makes you think of the person you love?
Ladies, what would you wear if you need to attend a burial?
(Serious) What subreddit would you recommend to a color lover?
If you could eat any food from a work of fiction (television show, movie, book, video game) what would it be?
Guys of Reddit. when you text a girl that you like with Hey girl!, what are good replies that a girl should text back that will let you know that she likes you back?
What’s the weirdest elective that was available at your college?
What’s the most disturbing/disgusting thing you’ve found in your food/drink ?
Music lovers of Reddit, have you ever listened to a song you didn't understand but liked it anyway?
What simple question you could not respond even being specialist in the subject?
You are now the protagonist of your favorite work of fiction at the beginning of the plot. What do you do next and what’s your reasoning?
What is a fond memory you have of loved ones you’ve lost?
/u/AutoModerator on I work as a static LPO, no phones, no books, etc. shifts are an average of 8 hours but can go higher, any advice for stopping my brain death on shift?
How does one get ready for college?
If a genie granted you 3 wishes, but in exchange you had to give up a favorite food, what would you wish for, and what would you give up?
People who attended or graduated from online colleges like The University of Pheonix, how was your experience with online colleges and how much has it helped you in furthering your career?
What's the first thing your pet would say if one day it could suddenly talk?
To anyone who's been homeless: if someone gives you a bag of food, is it helpful?
What's your "Tool Tune" (song you're embarrassed to admit you love)?
What is a food/drink you will never eat/drink again because of a bad experience?
People who eat meat, have you ever considered going vegetarian/vegan? If not, why?
Plastic surgeons of Reddit, what were the most outrageous requests you have gotten?
What is the best online job for a college student who is working remotely?
Beloved Reddit! My name is Gio and I am about to launch my food &amp; mixology blog. Been contemplating what to name it. I am in a bit of a limbo and need help. Any cool ideas?
What are the most attractive qualities in a female?
What food/drink did you hate as a child, but love now?
What was your real life equivalent to a plot twist?
What’s the most racist comment you’ve ever heard someone say?
Has your food ever been stolen by a coworker? How did you get back at them?
Men and Women, how does sex compare before and after pregnancy?
What are your thoughts about OJ Simpson joining Twitter (@TheRealOJ32)?
Child of single parent of Reddit, when did you realize 1 parent wasn't normal and how has having a single parent impacted your life?
/u/Xenton responds to: For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America? [+49]
Some couples on their wedding day nail a bottle of wine inside a box with love letters, with the intention of being opened during their first major fight as a married couple. What caused you to open yours?
What is the one thing that ended up being the best, but also the worst thing to have ever happened in your life?
Which human behaviour defies all logic?
Married people of Reddit, what have you found to be the best way to go about joining finances after getting married? Joint bank accounts? Joint, but also keep separate accounts?
If you had to guess, what's the next biggest food trend to happen?
What’s a good paying job without college?
is the tv show McMafia pronounced EmCeeMafia or MacMafia?
What are some sad songs that don't have anything to do with love or heartbreak that will help prolong a good depression?
Why not make cat food flavor mice ?
Why do we think it’s cute for our pets to be fat/chunky but we find it ugly/not cute when humans are?
Somebody commits a horrible crime in your city, and that person shares your first and last names. How do you deal with the fallout?
What’s the wittiest comeback you’ve ever delivered?
My 6 year old son is singing “I love rock and roll, put another dime in the juice box, baby”. What other song lyrics are regularly messed up by people?
Is it weird for your S.O to spoil the pets in the household instead of the actual other person in the relationship?
What’s something you do exclusively when you’re alone?
[SERIOUS] People who are with a person they are in real, actual love with, how do you know its real, actual love? When did you know?
People who’s parents had them when they were in their late 30s+, how was your childhood?
What's a popular food you will never eat?
What 8-bit or 16-bit era game would you love to explore in a VR remaster?
How difficult is it to learn programming on your own? Know any resources?
What's a dark family secret you discovered ?
What's a good, affordable and reliable car for a student going into college?
Do you have a gossip you want to share just because..?
Since Hollywood loves to remake everything, what movie or tv show that has had a reboot was your favorite? What deserves one but hasn't yet?
How weird music choice would be 1000 years from now?
Does it show as if it's my cakeday, it shows 1y for me but apparently not for other people?
/u/SmallTownJerseyBoy finally solves the age old mystery of why we keep going back to the fridge when we know there's no food
After you die everyone that knew you gets together and decides to build a statue of you, how you portrayed yourself to others and what you were known for, what is the pose?
I was born in the 90s but love everything 80s. What are some films that would scream 80s?
What do you think about free college?
Which food, do you recommend me?
Exactly how spicy would you say Danny DeVitto’s ass is?
What job will be near-impossible to automate anytime soon?
What do you feel when you realize that you are not loved enough by a person who you love most?
Why do so many people either hate or love feet?
What things would you love to see in the close future?
What silly or cute thing has your pet done that made you fall in love with it all over agin?
[Serious] Do you pray to a God? If so, do you have conversations inside your mind with them? Could you describe it?
people with pets do you see them as equal family alongside your blood relatives?
What's your favourite discontinued food?
If a man who forced sex on a woman deserves to have his testicles crushed, does a woman, who cut off a man's penis and threw it in the garbage disposal deserve to be violently penetrated with a sharp object repeatedly?
Retail/Fast food/Medical field/ETC workers of reddit, who was your most annoying customer/patient/student and why?
People who have seen someone you know in a porn, what’s the story?
How did you meet the love of your life?
What is something your parents still nag you about?
Redditors of Fast Food. When is the best time to order food/ what should I order?
What’s your go to comfort food?
What does love feel like for you?
People who included their pets in their wedding, what was it like?
People of Reddit, Who is someone in your life that you love, but cannot trust at all?
Men of Reddit, what would you recommend to women to become better girlfriends?
What food(s) could you continuously and indefinitely eat e.g. one bite every second, that would allow you to survive in a normal state of health, assuming you don’t need to move for exercise and/or toilet breaks?
When was the time when you felt that you are not importent to anyone?
What do you love about your life right now?
How much money did you have as a junior in college?
Is a 7- inch PP big enough?
If humans were kept as pets by another species, what fun and interesting things would we have to keep us from getting bored?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in the name of love?
What open source programming projects could you work on, to make NASA gain interest in your resume?
[Serious] Have you ever been in a near-death situation, and has it changed your outlook/opinion on your life after?
What’s your favorite food?
How long did it take you to get over someone you loved?
What’s an unusual food combination you would recommend eating at least once?
What is your biggest mistake, and how has it changed your life?
What is the most meaningless sentence you can think of, that people say for the sake of saying?
Crops workers of Reddit, have you ever messed with someone’s food because they were being an a**hole?
What’s a food combo that sounds gross until you try it (like adding mayo to skim milk to give it more body)?
How do you know when you love someone?
What do you tolerate from your SO in the name of love?
How much oil does there need to be in a frying pan before US troops invade it?
What’s your go to story/anecdote on a date?
Users with partners, what is something about your partner that makes you love them just a little bit more?
What's the most ridiculous excuse you've heard to avoid a menial task?
What is a strange food(maybe even considered disgusting) that is completely normal where you live?
Has someone ever described you as a food? If so, what was it?
People in long-term relationships, what is it like to be in love?
When was a time where your plans didn't work out, but you later realize it was good that they didn't work?
What's your best non "fast food" lunch for work?
What is the weirdest thing that ever happened to you?
Why do some drivers feel the need to bully others on the road going the speed limit, while they're going almost twenty above?
What is your favourite European high school or college tv/netflix show?
What is unique about college in your country?
What lingerie would you love to see a girl in?
What are some unwritten/unspoken rules of the road (US) ?
What city do you love to visit but would hate to live in?
Express love
Car guys/girls of Reddit, what’s a car you know you’ll never own but would love to drive?
What’s an obscure food from your country?
Whats a thing you dislike about yourself and what are two things you love about yourself?
What have you found out about your relatives that shocked or surprised you?
I have a healthy book addiction where I just love having a big library but rarely read all the books I have. What are some of your "HEALTHY" addictions?
redditors in love, why do you love your significant other or crush?
What foods are bad for German shepherds?
Those of you who quit caffeine, how long does this hell last?
People who first started smoking after they knew the risks, why?
School,What is the most Strangest,Weirdest,Funny or/and Popular Rumours you Heard?
What do you have a love/hate relationship with. Why?
Drunk people of Reddit, what is the go-to late night food of choice in your part of the world?
What are some deliciously strange food combinations?
What is one food you used to love eating but can’t eat because your body just can’t handle it anymore?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve seen while working the drive through window?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what are some of your most memorable encounters you've had with customers?
What is your own personal experience with death of a loved one?
Majority of the world loves Japan, but what do "really" hate about japan(people, place, culture, etc)?
Family and friends of actors, what is it like to watch your loved ones die on-screen?
Do Americans really not lock their doors as often seen in movies?
What is your go to fast food item/meal?
What is your worst airplane experience?
Food scientists of Reddit, what’s something most people don’t know or misunderstand about processed/packaged food?
When will cars come with built in cell phone spots?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have seen a pupil subconsciously do when concentrating on their work/on listening to you?
Watching David Dobrik makes me think that a car is one of the most amazing things you can surprise someone with. Should I surprise my loved ones with one?
When was the moment you knew you were in love?
People who love anime in europe and NA and only watch that, why? And why not normal shows that are live action?
Single people of reddit, what do you think is holding you back from finding love or a relationship?
What are some sweet/cute things that your s/o does that makes you fall in love w them a bit more everytime they do it?
What is your unpopular opinions and why?
Men of reddit, what are some things a mom should know when raising a boy? (Similar to another post but would love to hear dad’s perspectives)
What happened with the "popular" kid after the school/high school/college ended?
Strawberries dipped in ranch was great. What other crazy foods work together?
Im at a loss for movies to watch (online). can you guys offer some recent downtime movies ?
Why do mom's always laugh at minions?
What do you hate that other people love?
What polite advice would you love to give to all the overweight people currently browsing Reddit while eating?
[serious] people who married their high school/college sweethearts, what is your best advice to make a relationship last?
[Serious] - in all of your family/loved ones, who would affect you the most if they passed away or abandoned you?
What should I do for studying medicine in Canada?
How would you describe your love life using only song titles?
What’s your thought about Monetisation on Reddit just like YouTube?
Pilots of reddit, what do you actually do during the flight?
Redditors who have pets, what's the weirdest thing you've seen them eat?
Have you ever fell in love with someone you knew was totally wrong for you?
For former and current college students, is 18 credit hours too much? Need honest input.
First responders, do you let people know they are going to die?
What is the best way to deal when you're in love with someone who is taken?
Which food will you forever associate with burning the roof of your mouth?
What song do you really love and listen to all the time and why?
What's the one thing you want to say to all your internet friends?
Is there someone on here who is not afraid of hornets and actually kinda likes them? I'm VERY scared of them and would love to hear positive stories about them!
What weird food combination brings your palate to life but disconcerts the hell out of others?
Guys and Gals, what's the most disgusting food you served yourself because you were broke/drunk?
How would it go for you if you woke up as one of your pets, and all your pets became human?
Is college worth it?
When did you know you were in love with a person?
How do you find true love?
What was that one thing that you regret telling your girlfriend/boyfriend?
People who work their dream job, what do you do and why do you love it so much?
Men of reddit, what does it feel like inside of a girls pussy?
Let’s play MadLibs! Gonna need a noun, a verb, an adjective, your name, your credit card number, a food, your bank password, and an adverb. What do you got?
What are the pros and cons of genetically modified/genetically engineered foods?
What can I buy with 1.00$ ?
What are warning signs that you should watch out for at a tattoo shop?
Teachers of reddit, Does the open class activity actually works? What functions does it has?
[Serious] What's the best song?
What's the funniest thing you've shouted because of a random jolt of pain?
What is the weirdest food you've eaten?
Who actually let the dogs out?
Who's the creepiest motherfucker you have ever encountered before?
What's your favorite breed of dog, and why?
What was your first day of college/university like?
What was life like immediately after college for you?
What is your least favorite food and why?
What's a food you can never bring yourself to eat?
What's the "You have become the very thing you swore to destroy" moment in your life?
Is popcorn considered a dessert food?
Does your pets are really scared of something that is considered casual for us, humans?
Why do you love Keanu Reeves?
Security Guards of Reddit, what’s the Strangest thing you’ve ever seen on Security Footage at your job?
What is the weirdest/grossest thing you have found in your food?
What's the smartest thing you've ever heard someone say?
I need Pun foods for a Rapture Party
People of Reddit, how do you deal with feeling unworthy/unloved?
What’s your go to sing to lift your mood? Help inspire others when they feel ‘meh’!
Who is one musical artist that gets more love than they deserve?
What is something you irrationally love?
What would your day consist of if it started over the next day?
Who here still watches South Park?
What is your food eating habit that only you feel like you do ?
Do you have one song that you love by a band that you otherwise can't stand?
What's something sexual you'd love to do or try but haven't worked up the courage to tell your SO?
Excluding sleep, what foods do you make when money is tight or you're down to the basic staples at home?
What can a person do that instantly pisses you off beyond reason?
[Serious] People who have seen actual significant results after being hypnotized or know others who have, what's your experience/story?
What's one food that everyone seems to hate but you love?
What is an unexpectedly good food combination?
People of Reddit, if you had to eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
What weird food combo did you try that ended up being delicious?
Which subreddit did you stop following and why?
How many karma you think you’ll get in one month if you open a new reddit account now?
Americans who have visited Europe, what was the number one thing that made you go "WOW!" in a positive way?
What is a really small thing that changed your life forever?
Wishing a deserving man a fathers day (Keanu Reeves)
What’s something that everyone loves but you hate or vice versa?
Opinions on body image? I'm a girl and I'm a bit concerned about my excess fat. How do you deal with your body? How do you feel about tummies? What is your relationship with food and how do you keep yourself distant from eating disorders?
In your experience, was college REALLY worth it?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What would you say to your future self?
If any of you have been fired, how did you manage it?
What are some useful things to bring on an extended vacation overseas that people may not think of?
i’m a broke college student. how can i make money??
Asking for a friend, one of his friends who he thinks as a sister asked him what he would do if she sent him a nude, he said he wouldn't care because he's seen her wrapped in a towel, what should he have done?
At what point is it okay to walk out on your job?
What was something you hated but love it after trying it?
How do you graduate from college early?
What's your favorite song about adultery?
Who would win in a fight Kim Jon un or Donald trump?
[Serious] Lawyers of reddit, if you sign a contract that breaks a law, is said contract still valid?
What are some weird thing that youre loved ones do?
What is something someone did/said that made your day?
Would you give a person $20 through Cash App if they have no food? Why not?
What do you expect from a person who is depressed?
Is this mod violating your content policy?
Is it inevitable that love for a person fades over time?
Between receiving a detailed stats report on how many times you've orgasmed, including intensity, who you were with, what you were doing, etc, or receiving a detailed stats report on the times in your life when your brain was logging a future nostalgic moment, which would you want to see and why?
How do you know if you love someone?
Female Redditors, what music do you like to listen to while making love with your S.O.?
Outdoor lovers of Reddit, what’s the most amazing hike you’ve ever been on? What made it stand out from other hikes?
How do you know when you’re in love?
What is the worst/scariest way to travel
What do you love about your home town?
Should cultural practices / traditions that exclude women or are sexist be left in the past? Why?
People of Reddit, what is something that you love eating as a child but can't stand eating now?
People who have jobs / careers they love, how did you get there?
What vidoegame gives you the most nostalgia?
(SERIOUS) How has death of someone you loved changed your life? Negative or Positive
What movie pre-2010 did you love that everyone hated? Why?
What’s the best advice you could give to an incoming college student?
What's the best fast food restaurant and why?
What was the weirdest/worst thing you’ve masturbated to?
What's your controversial food opinion?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was the most bizarre thing you have seen while at work?
What songs make you instantly feel happy? (not including love songs)
Fastfood workers of reddit, what are some of your restaurant's secrets we should know about?
Story of Sex workers who become fall in love to the customers
Comedians of Reddit, are college campuses truly no longer worth playing and, if so, why?
People of reddit, what are some unusual food combos that sound terrible, but taste good?
Did you feel like a failure in the time between graduating college and getting a job? How did you cope with this feeling and how did you better yourself in this time?
Men of Reddit, How do you get over the fear of never being able to find love again?
What is best thing you love in Reddit?
What do you do when you’re in love with your s/o, but the desire is gone?
What is a love-hate relationship that you have about yourself?
Men of reddit, what do you think the worst thing about being a woman would be?
Which celebrity, a lot of people hate, that you love? Why?
Have you ever gotten married to someone you didn’t love?
favorite pokémon, and why?
What beloved fictional character is actually immoral/corrupted?
How would you define “love”?
Any funny/embarrassing college stories?
Experiences in the fast food industry
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
Music lovers of reddit,
For a college kid, what are some good decorations for a living room (that aren’t flags)
We would AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What's the worst dating experience you've ever had?
What helped you get over unrequited love?
What grosses you out about junk/fast food?
People who think aliens do not exist, why?
What is a question you can ask to sound dumb when there are "No dumb questions."
What do you think would happen if everyone who actively uses Reddit, were able to be in one place at once?
Why do or don’t you agree that it’s the people who have crappy character or hate their lives who get pissed off or try belittle accomplishments of people who are openly happy with their job, success, or situation ?
What’s your favourite food to eat when you’re sick?
I got rejected by a girl i loved most and i failed exam for which i'm preparing for 2 years.I feel like loser,i feel unmotivated what should i do [only serious answer]?
Redditors who had been in a previously long term relationship, when did you realize you had fallen out of love/didn't love your partner anymore? What did you do after that realization?
What make you fall in love with someone?
Those of you who have discovered something about a deceased loved one that changed the way you saw them, what was it?
What decisions/reactions are hardcoded in your programming?
If you pet was a Pokemon, what special ability would it have?
If some of the lesser known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
What's the best way to get rid of fleas if you have a dog, a kitten and and carpets with them?
You have to find food for your dinner out in the wilderness tonight. What do you make/find?
What’s an exciting question to ask someone to get to know them better?
Why do you love animals? Who is that special animal in your life?
My gf broke with me 3 weeks ago... I'am really sad and down, she was my first love. What should i do from now ?
What is something your school/ college did that you respect the shit out of?
Users of Reddit, if you found out that someone you love is a super villain, will you still love that person?
What was a time where a friend was about to do something stupid, but you didn't say anything because you were curious and it ended up backfiring on both of you?
What commonly liked food or drink do you hate, and if you do, what excuse do you use when being offered this at a get together?
What is the grossest food you have ever had?
Lunch thieves of Reddit, how do you rationalize stealing someone else’s food from the fridge at work?
Which actor or actress best known for their serious roles would you love to see in a comedy?
People who have made catchphrases popular (either online or in a friend group), what's your catchphrase and what made it popular?
Does anyone's SO seem to manage their money way better than you do?
How did your beloved pet die?
What would be the two worst food combinations?
What are some odd recipes for food that is actually good?
Who else loves acid ?
What is your food conconction that some others may find weird but you swear by?
Parents of reddit, how did you react when your child told you they were dropping out of college/getting kicked out of college?
What's the first thing you would print if you could print edible food? And would you eat it? What do you think it would taste like?
You can now rename one food item to what it looks like. What food do you rename ?
If someone’s blind and deaf, how do you communicate with them?
Have you ever made someone you get on with really well very mad? How did you feel? How long was it before they forgave you?
Unlucky Redditors, what embarassing event could you never live down?
People of reddit, assume yourself in your opposite gender, would you love a person like you?
What's your food nemesis?
What's the most vile thing you've ever found in your food?
What is love? (Serious)
People with eidetic memory, what is it like?
What's one food you won't eat and what's the nastiest thing you've done that contradicts that?
I don’t know if this is the right sub reddit, but here goes. I met someone 2 days ago. We spent 48h together and it was magical. I’m looking for a song about a really short lived loved story which is impossible to follow through because of distance. Help, I need to drown my sorrow in tender lyrics.
Reddit, With Father’s Day coming up, What are you planning to get your dad?
What is a musical group/ singer you love but have never ( for whatever reason) bought any of their music?
Hitched people of reddit, what is your partners most annoying habit you cannot get them to stop doing?
Did you enjoy PE in school? Thanks :))
[Serious] What does getting shot feel like?
You trapped in a game, you will still need stuff like water, food, etc. What game are you trapped in?
What's the strangest combination of foods you have ever eaten that surprisingly tastes good?
What’s the best news you had to tell someone
Have you ever been in a friends with benefits situation? If so what ended up happening?
Why do US citizens pay tips for food service? Why don't the corporations pay their employees properly?
Does Singapore really have as good food as’Crazy Rich Asians’ portrays?
Performers/actors of reddit, what's the worst thing that has happened to you on stage?
What is the stupidest think you've done under peer pressure?
What is a unpopular song by a well known band/singer that should be appreciated more?
Not the right subreddit but what are the chances that adfly will give you a virus or one of those scareware popup ads?
Anime/Manga lovers, do you have any good anime/manga suggestions?
What do blind people "see" in their dreams?
Hungry people of Reddit, what is your favorite combination of snack foods and how did you discover it?
What food is acceptable when you're poor but frowned upon when you're rich?
What is your pets actual name vs what they think it is?
What are some questions you want to ask here but can’t due to the AutoModerator?
To all the restraunt employees of reddit, what is the weirdest food order you have gotten?
Hey Reddit, what’s your experience with love?
What was your longest stretch of eating only junk food?
Why does love turn to hate?
Non-picky eaters of Reddit, what are some foods you refuse to try?
What are those neon/bright bugs?
Have you ever lost any respect for someone instantly?
What food item is the lead singer in the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters" intro song by Mastadon?
If you have a lot of money, what is something that you will never ever buy?
What do you hate/love about your job?
I’m going through a tough spot in my life. Got any suggestions to alleviate my pain, lovely people of Reddit?
People who usually have no food in their fridge but have money, how/why do you live like that?
What did Jim's letter to Pam say?
Are you allowed to wear a durag at work ( food industry ) ?
What is the nicest thing your sibling has done for you?
What's a food combination that sounds strange, but you actually recommend?
What makes an accusation credible and who is the arbiter of said credibility?
(Serious Replies Only) To those who have fallen out of contact with loved ones (dead or living), what is your last message that you need them to know?
how to tell if ur in love?
Puppy lovers of Reddit, what was the scariest thing that happened to you and you adorable fluffy cloud?
What do you think about vegans who have pets that eat meat?
How and where did you meet the love of your life?
What's a food that is universally loved?
Dear Psychopaths of Reddit, the purge has begun. However you get to register in teams of three you are not legally allowed to harm in any way. Who are your team members and why?
Who honestly believes college should be free?
Why can't she see my value?
Once in college, I pooped my pants a little bit at a country steaks all you can eat buffet and I didn't leave until I finished my second plate of shrimp.
What is something your partner sees in you that you don’t see in yourself?
What is one thing you lover about your sibling(s)?
Which older video games would you love to see remade for VR?
What song are you ashamed to love?
What is your Best 'Better' warm than cold food/drink?
London history resources - what's most iconic locations to visit in the city - I'm a history enthusiast. What are the best places?
What 90’s British food do you wish they’d bring back?
What is normal now? But will be fked up in the future?
Do you think it’s worth it to pursue a career in psychology in comparison with medicine?
What critics do you trust and how are you influenced by their opinions/reviews of movies, products, accommodation, restaurants/food and music?
What game have you completed to 100% that you are not proud of?
What is the rudest thing someone has ever said to you?
Summer lovers, Why do you hate winter?
What fictional characters have actually inspired you to be a better person?
What’s the first thing you do when you wake up ?
Since its pride month, what are some of your greatest memories about pride?
What roast did 'that kid' use on their teacher?
Have you ever gotten in trouble with the law? What happened?
Graduated students of Reddit, what is a secret that they taught you at the end of college which would've made things way easier?
Eaters of reddit- what delicious food do you always forget about?
Clear question: How do you get through college and work burnout when you have to work through school?
[SERIOUS] Why are so many trans women being murdered across the country? What can be done to stop this?
People of Reddit is a bar that says “Blacks Only” racist?
Reddit, what is the meaning of the "beans"?
Best method to get a max amount of kills in one match with the BFG 50?
Spammers: what's your favorite type of junk food?
How much does being very hungry change your personality?
What is one food that makes you gag?
Is there food that becomes poisonous when cooked?
If you from one year ago walked into your room right now, what would they be most confused about?
What achievement in stupidity were you blessed to witness?
What’s the most irrational thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What’s the best way to find good food in an unknown city?
People who were wrongfully convicted of a serious crime, what happened?
If someone asked you to cut off a part of your body and give it to them, and you were willing to do it, which part would you cut off? Why?
Cops of reddit, when chasing a crook, what was the moment when you knew you had messed up?
What's a food you love but other people hate ?
People, who love freckles (not in the fetish way): why?
Reddit, what was your “Better them then me” moment?
Whats a weird combination of food that sounds gross but is actually good?
what is your by far biggest monthly expanse that isn't a necessity like rent or food?
What is the greatest food crime?
Redditors with ulcerative colitis, what day to day tips can you give to help improve quality of life? Also what food or diet tips do you have?
[Serious] Financial experts of Reddit, how can one best invest their disposable income?
[20m] Help me! I feel like I'm lost, I don't know what do about my future. I dropped out college, what I can do for my future?
What advice do you have for teens going to college or joining the workforce?
What is the grossest sounding food that you swear tastes good when you try it?
How would you talk to your crush who goes to another school but you sometimes see at out of school events.
Fast food workers of reddit, what is your funniest “Karen wants to speak to the manager” moment?
People of reddit, What has been the worst experience you've faced at a fast food restaurant?
What are you sure one of your loved ones know but cannot ask because of the consequences of being wrong?
What gimmicky gadget have you bought, love and use often?
How is the heatwave treating you?
What are some things you'll either love or hate?
What does love feel like?
Instead of giving out coins, why can’t you give actual money on Reddit?
Reddit, how do you get out from following thorugh on a lost bet to some college girls?
What sound do you love?
At the moment, what's your favorite song?
Was there a moment in your life where you accepted that you might die?
Individuals who’s first language is not English, what’s your best description of what it sounded like when you heard it for the first time?
What is something that you used to hate about yourself but now absolutely love.
Have you ever fallen in love (mutually) with someone who was moving away very soon? What happened?
[Serious] What are some good (Active) chatrooms I can join?
Is there something you love, but none of your friends or family does?
I have an oral exam tomorrow at 11am. It is in literature, healthcare, and history. They are back to back one after the other. Can you give me any advice?
Why is it so hard to develop a drug/treatment that makes people incapable of falling in love or becoming infatuated with someone, considering this will help prevent heartbreak related depression?
So if everyone loves bacon. If all guys prior to a girls first BJ had smeared a light coat of bacon on their penis would women have a pleasant memory going into a BJ for the rest of their lives.? Wondering for a friend, lol....
What is something your SO does in bed (or directly prior to) that absolutely ruins it to the point you don’t want to continue? I’ve read a bunch of the “what do you love/like your SO to do” stuff, which is great. I’m referring to the times where I get to the point of “nope, I’m done.”
What is the weirdest job you have ever had(ex. sweeping Cheerio dust, dog food taster)?
What is the most horrible thing you jave done as a human being? And how do you fell about it now?
[Serious] Kidnapping survivors, what advice do you have for someone who’s loved one recently survived a kidnapping?
What is a trend right now that you wish would die off?
What’s a favorite food of yours that is not very popular among others? Mine is mustard potato salad
What is the least real reality show you've ever seen?
What is one food that you eat all the time and never gets old?
Chefs/servers/restaurant workers of reddit--What's the worst thing you've seen done to a customer's food or the food in general?
What is your most memorable experience on your first day in college?
whats your love story?
[Serious] Christians of Reddit, if God loves everyone equally, why do innocent people suffer and/or die every day?
when did biggest poopy
Chubby men of reddit, where do you wear your jeans? Do you go for the waist or do you let the belly hang out over the belt?
Men of Reddit, what little gift would you love to receive from a partner on a date?
PC enthusiasts of Reddit, what makes you love/like PCs?
Are acts of violence human nature?(not including things like war)
If I visit your country, what food should I absolutely try ?
What would you do if you realized that you are actually a really realistic AI robot instead of a person?
I have a question about college qualification. I’m a sophomore and I got a F in geometry 2nd semester. I remember freshman year teachers saying if you get an F you can not go to a 4 year college straight away. Is there any way i still have a chance?
People without college degrees. What interesting job did you manage to work as? And do you like the job?
Gamers of Reddit: Is there a particular game or a series of game that has changed your life style/preferences/path?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the most complicated way a customer has asked for a simple meal?
When meatloaf sings he would do anything for love but we won't do that - what is 'that'?
What non-sexual skill best translates into sexual ability?
[Serious] Sex Workers of Reddit: What is something people should know before they start looking for your services?
People who put on their friend’s glasses and then say “wow you really can’t see”. What did you really expect?
What combination of foods/condiments do you love but get wierd looks from People when talking about it?
What's the best food for the brian that you like to eat?
How do you differentiate between infatuation, being "in love", and loving someone?
Fast food workers of Reddit what was the most ridiculous request of a customer?
Beans in ask Reddit. Go give it some love.
What’s song gets stuck in your head the easiest?
Gamers of reddit,what was your favorite E3 reveal?
Reddit of college graduate, when was that moment that "This major isn't for me" moment and find out later that a different major was perfect for you and your career?
What is something you love and at the same time hate?
If you were given a month to live, what terrorist inspired tragedy would you pull off to compete with the infamous ones?
What's the funniest thing that has happened in class?
What is a song/movie/piece of media you can’t help but love even though it’s story/message is extremely disgusting/disturbing
People who got "sorry,wrong phone number" from another person,what is the most craziet one?
I'm I fucked I accidentally sped in a school zone
Redditors who fell in love with someone else while in a relationship, how did you handle the situation?
In what social situation did you pretend to enjoy the food, when it actually tasted horrible?
What’s your favorite fast food restaurant, &amp; what do you order from there?
What's something you love about your pet ?
What's the most believable conspiracy theory you know?
Do you have problems with the fact that you are getting older and why is it a problem for you?
What is something you find soothing that the general public would find disturbing?
If you were a genie, what loopholes would you give people making wishes?
Redditors who work at fast food chains, what was the wildest/weirdest order you got?
What is your first experience being high?
When last were you so high that even poop mixed with food still tastes good?
Doctors of reddit, what is the weirdest thing a patient wouldn't admit? - r/askreddit
People who were late to stop breastfeeding, sucking your thumb or wetting the bed, how did this affect you into your teens and adulthood?
What's up buttercup?
What is your favorite cheap and easy to make comfort food?
What are some names for a sailor or captain?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
People who have worked in restaurants and in fast food restaurants, what was the worst customer that has been in the restaurant you were working in. (ex: if they were being rude or causing a scene in the restaurant)
Why do I love women bouncing on my cock so much?
For those who are sexually attracted to penises: do you prefer longer and skinny penises or shorter but girthy penises?
Does Italian, French or Greek food count as "white people food" when you're referring to bland white people food?
Whats a weird combination of food that sounds bad but is actually good
People of reddit, Which is the weirdest subReddit that is oddly active?
Adults of reddit, how did you learn to love/accept yourself?
Using the street name you grew up on and your first pets name. What would your stripper name be?
College alumni of Reddit: What’s one memory that you have from your experience that accurately depicts what going to college is like?
Other than Duran fruit, what is the stinkiest fresh food item you have ever smelled?
Store/food employees of reddit, did you ever have a regular who suddenly stopped showing up? What happened to them?
What is one thing you wish your parents told you about college before you went?
If aliens visited earth what would advertisers try to convince them they couldn't leave without buying?
How do you react when others cry? Does it make you cry too?
Besides schoolwork, what is something you don’t miss about college?
People of reddit, what are some good trade schools that transfer credits to universitys/ community colleges?
What is your favorite food to deep fry at home and why?
Who do you love ?
Most people have a story about a hard breakup, what’s your story about an easy breakup?
To the man who asked “what is love” and put a serious tag, what heck is wrong with you?
What is a song that you love that everybody hates?
In the future where live translation devices are accurate and available, do you think it is possible for two people to fall in love and live their lives together, without ever sharing a common language? Why?
Why are European (non-Eastern) politicians in love with Muslims?
If you are a soon-to-be-divorced-mother-of-four-kids, with a PhD and sleeve of tattoos, who loves to laugh and write, where is the best place to find someone to date? Asking for a friend.
What's the biggest mistake a person can make in college?
(Serious) People who used to eat lots of junkfood, what was the thing which made you stop?
What foods have a good after tastre?
Which villain​ would you want to be the head henchman of?​?
What does your laugh sound like?
What is your favorite comfort food and why?
How did you move past your first love?
What is the difference between a crush and true love? (Serious)
Food lovers of reddit what are some of the most weirdest/ gross food pairings that just shouldn't go together yet it works?
Starting my first professional job tomorrow. Any tips for my first week?
I broke up with the love of my life today. How do I get through this?
When do you give up on loving someone who say they love you but repeatedly make the same mistakes and push you to your limits?
Alright, Reddit. What's your most embarrassing nickname/pet name that you call a loved one by?
What do you love most about doing 🍆🍑?
What's your best "We'd love to stay but..." excuse to leave an event?
If you didn’t wish your dad a happy Father’s Day today, what’s the reason why?
Fast food workers of reddit, what was the worst person or situation you dealt with?
Which foods are seen as bad ,but we shoul really eat more of?
Would you have sex with a bird?
When was the time a guy named Dave was browsing Reddit in the bathroom and was 18 minutes late for a meeting?
If you are locked in your room with basic living conditions provided (electricity-food-water-toilet but NO INTERNET), how long you can live without getting bored? How much content do you have in hand? (books, tv shows, movies, comics, games etc)?
Is it better to choose subjects for highschool that you will enjoy throughout school or subjects are useful (e.g.which look better for university/college entry)?
What's a movie that's generally considered to be bad, but you love it, and why?
New people of Reddit, tell us how you were introduced to Reddit?
How do you make real friends in college?
Would you die for the ones you love ?
New Yorkers (and former New Yorkers), how did you afford to live in (or near) Manhattan?
How are you really doing?
What's a strange food combination you enjoyed as a child?
What’s your favorite TV or anime series (emojis only)?
How do you deal with having to live in a college dorm as a 22-year-old?
What’s that funny story that your family/friends/partner loves sharing about you at get-togethers?
College graduates of Reddit, was it worth it going through college?
What is one food you used to love eating but can’t eat because your body just can’t handle it anymore?
What’s the most stalker-ish thing you’ve ever done?
What is the absolute best driving food?
people who called companies because your food was not top quality, what's your story?
You press a button, and the thing you hate the most disappears, but the thing you love the most also disappears. Would you press it and why?
Hello reddit. is it okay to tell the ex that you have fallen in love with them again?
People who have/do live in a share house, how does your politics influence the way you manage the household(food, bills, chores etc)? Do you run things the way you think things should be run?
What is your favorite food, but make it sound like it’s at a 20 star restaurant?
People who dropped out of college, why did you do it and how did it work out for you?
What did moths do before the invention of the lightbulb?
What's the story behind your largest fast food order?
What food combo made you think wtf but was good when you tried it?
What are some pets that live in cages?
Thanos sends you to retrieve the time stone alone. Let’s say your successfully defeated Dr. Strange. What do you do with the time stone?
What song do you love from a genre that you hate?
Take the last book you read and add "in the Loud House" to the end of the title. What is the new plot?
Game Developers of Reddit, what kind of games do you believe are the hardest to make?
What time is it currently as you read this post?
Do you every get sadly nostalgic when listening to the old songs you used to love? Why?
What should you do if you are in love with your friend / bestfriend and want a relationship, but are too afraid to lose the friendship?
What weird food combinations do you like?
What you hated as a kid, but love as an adult?
What's your crazy college story?
What’s one thing that isn’t as appreciated as it should be?
If you had to fight a man to the death with only an item of food, which one would you pick and why?
Which experience was totally ruined for you after you saw the "wizard behind the curtain"?
Grocery store employees of Reddit, do you argue with family/roommates over the proper way to store food?
What is something you do to your food before eating that is weird to others?
Why does love make me want to die?
If you got arrested what crime would your friends and family most likely think you got arrested for?
What is the worst way you’ve been told to do your job by someone less knowledgeable?
Greetings, internet. Who the fuck?
What do you love most about your SO?
If the love of your life who got away turned up tomorrow, what would you say?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
Getting Ghosted by Friends
Ladies of reddit, when was the last time you randomly complimented a guy. How did they react? Guys of reddit, when was the last time you were randomly complimented?
What is an illegal thing that you would love to do (I'm not FBI)?
What is your real-life meet-cute?
Help me! I feel like I'm lost, I don't know what do about my future. I dropped out college, what I can do for my future?
What are your thoughts about foods being replaced with pills, similar to the ones astronauts consume, to ensure that everybody concumes exactly what they need and not more or less?
People who play strategy games of Reddit, what was your “ tactical genius” moment?
Women of reddit, why do you play games with us when all we’re showing is love?
Dear redditors with pets who've developed cataracts, what are some ways to make life easier/safer for them?
What's the scariest, oddest, or craziest thing that happened to you while at college?
What is the most basic variety of foods I could eat whilst still maintaining a nutritional and balanced diet?
If you were to guess what do you think is inside Area51 ?
What technology or innovations do you think we will have in 20 years?
How long did it take you to get a job after college?
Restaurant/service-food-related employees and owners of Reddit (chefs, cooks, servers, etc), what do you think customers should be aware of (in this day and age of "customer is always right")?
What was the most interesting thing that happened today?
Have you ever left a restaurant before the food arrived and, if so, why?
You are going to be stranded on a tropical island. There's enough food and fresh water to survive, and you can take 26 items with you, each starting with a different letter. What do you take?
What are the most useless college degrees? Why?
Can you love someone else without loving yourself first?
It has been announced that there will be a Purge on Reddit for 24 hours next Sunday, meaning that all bans across the site will be lifted, including quarantined subs, and no rules will be enforced. How will you spend your time wreaking havoc on Reddit? Mods, how will you handle the mess on Monday?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the sad truth behind your business?
Why are you still in love with a.c m ex Reddit?
Im soon to be a college freshman any advice on how to survive college?
At what point does eating food become gluttony?
What is something that you regret doing or not doing in high school?
Redditors who settled in their hometown, why?
[serious] Who do you consider the great love of your life and are you currently dating/married to them?
What is something that sounds so crazy that it sounds fabricated, but it is completely real?
What’s the song that goes like do do do?
ER doctors of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you have had to pull out of someone’s ass?
Redditors who dropped out of college. What made you drop out, and what did you end up doing in life?
What’s your story behind the friend who was last online 700 days ago
For those of you who genuinely did not do well in high school, but later upgraded your education, went on to college or university, and got a diploma/degree etc., how the hell did you do it?
What would things be like if every human conversation you had started with a 30 second ad?
Have you ever fallen in love with your best friend, if so how did it end?
Winners of reddit, have you ever won an unbelievable sweepstakes and what did you win?
I need help! There is a weird sensation i get usually after being really focused in a video game or book. Everything seems to be louder like breathing and foot steps and everything seems to be really fast and intense? The closest thing i could find online was temporal lobe epilepsy?
If you could have a day with anyone,fictional or real, who would it be and why?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what was your saddest experiecnce working/treating animals/pets?
Redditors who like to cook food, What is your signature dish and how do you make it?
What’s the most disturbing comic you’ve read online?
Restaurant employees, what is the weirdest encounter you've had with an employee(s).
[Serious] What question about being transgender would you loved answered?
What are good ways to make friends as a young adult that is not in college?
What universally beloved movie/movie franchise do you personally dislike, any why?
What was one fact someone told you that you wish you never heard?
What's crazy about US that's making you love it the most?
What's one thing you do to help a help a parents but not to benefit them at all but yourself? What is your story?
People of Reddit, what is love?
Game-magedon
For a year you have to keep a balloon with air in it (no helium) from touching anything except any alive person's body or else you die, what's your plan?
If you had to eat only one type of cuisine for the rest of your life, which one would it be and why? (Like Chinese food, Mexican food, American food or etc)
We all know retail, fast food, and customer service jobs are terrible. What are some equally terrible jobs that nobody thinks of?
What is something risky that you enjoy doing?
What’s your favorite field trip(s) from grade school?
What kind of food have you always wanted to try?
[serious answers] I'm slowly losing love towards my gf but I love her to much to break up with her. What should I do?
What's the best thing your pet or pets do to make your day?
What are some signs that you must treat your loved ones better?
Guys of reddit, What's your guilty pleasure chick flick that you secretly love?
What are the most common lies people tell?
Non-Americans of reddit, what are your thoughts on Americanized versions of your food?
What person on YouTube did you loved at first but hated them later on?
Redditors who have lost a loved one, what was the worst/least helpful thing people said to try to comfort you afterward?
What does happiness mean to you?
Does anyone have a hobby that doesn’t necessarily fit your personality or exterior, perhaps a burly man who loves knitting, a girly girl who loves engines, do you keep your hobby secret due to it not matching the ‘you’ that you portray to the world?
How would you describe the sound you hear when you yawn or stretch?
What's a random fact you recently learned?
Do blind preppie see dreams?
What food makes you think, “Wow! The first person to eat that must have been starving!”?
What is something that's considered "for kids" but you love anyway?
What is love? Baby dont hurt me.
Why did you ear pierce your toddler?
If a depressed alien cane to visit earth, what would you say/show to them to cheer them up?
Redditors who deprived yourself of food or water on purpose, why?
Why doesn't modern rich people care more about food like buying a farm and only eating homegrown foods, you look at the rich of today they eat at restaurants and don't care like some of them even eat fast food it's weird?
How do you think the world will look in 2050?
What's the craziest thing you've done for a romantic interest?
What are some of the features on men they find unattractive but you ladies low key love?
What is the strangest mixture of food/drink you have ever seen someone eat?
Where Mexican food
Whats the most unsanitary thing you've seen a employee do at a restraunt, fast food place?
We're now back on a judging scale of the fatter you are the wealthier you are because you can afford food, how "wealthy" are you?
I am 23 transferring to a four year college as a junior this fall, I feel behind amongst my peers and too old, is it too late to get my degree?
What does it mean when a dog licks your leg and gently woofs at you?
What was that one amazing thing you did when no one was around and no one would believe you?
Have you ever met someone who you just know is the love of your life, but it's too early to build a relationship? Or too late? What did you do?
Cat lovers of reddit, what's your favourite cat story?
I Need HBO TV Link, So I Can Watch Chernobyl Live,
Parents who both adopted AND have a biological child, do you love the adopted child any less?
Does it makes someone gay to suck another mans dick of it means saving someone he loves
What is your favorite wacky food story or historical fact?
What to eat at the McDonald's/fastfood in your country?
Who Is the celebrity that everyone loves except you?
What is the most disturbing food violation you witnessed while working at a fast food restaurant?
Should songs with questionable lyrics about teens (she’s only 17) get the same treatment as R. Kelly’s songs?
Vets of reddit, is it possible to have a dog and give them a healthy diet consisting solely on human food? Like making a little extra of whatever I make for myself breakfast, lunch and dinner?
What’s a skill or ability some people have that impresses you?
Who is an singer/band that you loved when you were younger, but can’t stand as an adult?
If college loan debt is forgiven, what do you predict the short and long term effects to be? SERIOUS
Gay people of reddit, how did you know you were gay?
What movie is so ridiculously stupid, but you love it anyway?
Why did you and your first love break up? Where are they now?
/u/AutoModerator on Homo-sapiens: kill them or let them live?
Movie lovers of Reddit,what type of cliche bothers you the most in a movie?
Why don't I like smelling my own poop, but I love smelling my own farts?
How would you describe feeling loved?
If everyone on the planet was replaced with copies of you, what would the world look like?
do you sniff your food before you eat it?
Interracial couples of reddit, how has your staple food habits changed?
For Redditers who have emigrated to another country. What foods do you find yourself missing the most?
Dear redditors, what is something you loved to eat but now even thinking about it makes you sick?
What were the 'little things' your parents did that still fill you with love today?
Reddit, what the hell is your problem with christians?
Gamers of reddit tell your love story of the game that got you hooked on games for life. What made it special.
What has made you lose respect for a person you loved?
What’s your country’s most accurate common stereotype?
Has anyone snuck meat into a vegans food and if so please share.
What is your favourite lyric line from a song?
What did you do that made you want to die of embarrassment?
What's something you hate bit is loved?
What would your funeral be like?
What is a product that seemed useless until you actually tried it?
What is your "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" story?
Redditors who went to college, what did you study and what career field did you end up in? Are you happy where you are?
I have been naming by pets after trees (willow and cedar), what are some ideas for the pets to come?
What was the worst pun you've ever heard?
What are some great reddit bots?
How do you know whether or not kim jong-un made a typo if he sent you "send nukes" on whatsapp?
What is your food guilty pleasure?
(Not a yes or no question) Would you choose to live forever, without love?
People from reddit what is/was the race difference in your school
What's your favorite food monstrosity you've created?
If every human that ever lived came back to life, who would you visit first?
What are games that you love hate?
How many of you are gay? What made you come out of the closet?
What is your absolute favorite food/snack?
People Reveal The Worst Date They Have Ever Been On!
Reddit what's one "bad" superpower you'd love to have?
Why do your eyes feel heaving in the mornings?
What’s a non sexual act that turns you on?
What is the weirdest food combination that is actually good?
Redditors who used to love a food, and now hate it, what’s your story?
What is the meanest gift you could give a loved one, while still being able to play it off as well meaning?
Have you read the Ringing Cedar Series and would you recommend them?
What foods, natural or processed, do you predict go extinct in your lifetime?
My lovely men of Reddit, what don't you want to hear while in the public bathroom?
Why do you always fall in love with someone who is unattainable for you?
According to Genie from Aladdin, your 3 wishes cannot be used to kill someone, make someone fall in love, or bring someone back from the dead. How do you get around these rules?
Reddit, what was the first computer game that you loved playing?
Hey r/AskReddit, I was just wondering if any of you have experienced IBS (Itchy Bitchy Syndrome)?
Hey redditors can you suggest an eye catching unique and funny name for a food blog i am about to start?
Non-Americans of Reddit, What crazy thing have you witnessed while traveling there?
You're left alone for a month with a baby. You have all the supplies for both of you but you can't leave the room. If you make it to the end of the month you win a million dollars. What's your strategy?
What’s a decent paying job for 16 year old, that isn’t in the fast food/grocery industry?
What's a great college lifehack that's tried and tested?
What strange food combinations do you find surprisingly tasty?
“Taste-blind” people of reddit, what kinda of foods do you prefer?
Gamers of Reddit, what's your greatest accomplishment?
What’s the largest sum of money you’ve loaned someone, for what, and how did it work out?
Which 2 ingredients, one edible and other totally non edible, would make the funniest food combo?
For those that have lost a loved one, what animal/insect/symbol reminds you of that person?
You're ordering North American style Chinese food for take out, Which three items do you order?
Citizens of reddit, what is the weirdest term you've ever heard, and what dies it mean?
What's something you've witnessed that looks like it's straight out of a spy movie or something (I'm talking secret alleyway deals, briefcase exchanges, car chases, etc.)?
[Serious] what are your current career goals and your plan on how to achieve them?
Why do food/beverages taste better when they are hot?
Cat owner's of Reddit how do you manage to record the right moment?
[Serious] What are some good jobs for college students with severe anxiety?
What To do if you have may abs?
At what point in the relationship did you come to realize it had gotten serious and you had fallen for her/him ?
People who have hit people with cars what were you think when it happened?
In your opinion, what popular 'romantic' or 'love' song promotes toxic relationship behaviour?
Bikers/Motorists of Reddit, What is the worst garage you've been to and why?
Why are firetrucks red?
You can be the most famous person for a day but you have to non-lethally hex a person you love most for that. Do you do it? What is your hex?
People with crushes, do you ever just randomly get a burst of love?
Humblebrag. What is a good deed you’ve done recently?
What are you looking forward to?
What is something you ever wanted to say to someone you dislike and why?
What's the most noticeable change a person you know has made in physical or personality terms?
Are the parent child relationships shown in TV/film with closeness, hugs and I love yous accurate to real experiences?
People of reddit, do any of you have a wholesome paranormal story?
What's the one food that if you were about to die of starvation would still not eat?
Veterans or Reddit, what is the best job in the military?
How deep is your love?
What's something you do for SO that you hate doing, but do because you love them?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much? Explain your answer.
When does one become incapable of love?
Hey Food lovers, what looks tasty but is disgusting?
What's your story of falling in love with someone who you didn't find attractive early on?
What are 3 things you love and 3 things you hate?
30 Minutes? 5 hours without stalling for the basics!
If you could ban any one type of food, what would you ban and why?
Meatloaf would do anything for love, but he won’t do that. What was “that” for you?
Female trainspotters, what is the trainspotting community like for you?
Fast food employees, what are yours scariest drive through stories?
What’s a movie/TV that critics hate, but you loved?
What is love?
You have the chance to win a million pounds/dollars only if every second of your previous 24 hours is broadcasted for the world to see, would you do it and why?
This is not a question, but an unrelated message. I don't know who needs to hear this, but we all care about you so much, and you need to be here with us. We love you so much. And just the possibility that you will leave makes us so sad. I love each and everyone of you.
What film/song could you not stand when you were younger, but love now?
Heading to uni in September. What's your weirdest university/college story?
So I now have 2 copies of Black Ops 4 for the PS4, what should I do?
Friend who moved to Malta, says if Mediterranean’s people in a relationship sleep with other people in their local area and don’t fall in love. They and their partners don’t consider it cheating- is this real or is my friend trying to rationalize his loose sexual morality.
Redditors with relationship experience, how did you get over your first “in love” relationship that ended.
What is a word you use consistently but don’t really know what it means?
What is the worst character trait in the world?
Who deserves an oscar but never got one?
As a woman, do you feel comfortable wearing a skirt in your workplace?
What was something you loved as a child but hate now as an adult?
What's an extremely annoying song that you used to love?
Would you save an animal over a human? Why or why not?
Where can I purchase a shower/bath glove. I need to keep my hands out of water thus I need a rubber glove that doesn't leak in order shower. Outside of taping them to my wrist, is there another alternative?
Why do people dislike Donald Trump?
Redditors who are naturally thin and have never dieted, what are your views on food and eating and what do you think overweight people are doing wrong?
What are some global (political, economic, war, etc) issues that should be spoken about more often?
Why do some people on Reddit just love to argue over pedantic details?
What pastime you used to love but you now despise? What happened to make it that way?
My wife is turning 28. Any food ideas for a gift?
What is your biggest turn on?
What’s a good way to prepare for college algebra if I haven’t taken a math class in over 8 years?
Why do some animals/pets naturally smell sweet?
What is a similarity between yours and a completely different culture?
When did you realize you were not going to reach anywhere in life?
What do you do in your summer vacation if you’re gonna be mostly alone?
When was a time, where you caught yourself realizing you were in-love? Did you act upon it?
Dear lovely ladies of ARAD. What do you think of male anal play?
What's a shitty food that tastes 10x better with mouthwash?
What movie/show/etc. did you love the first time you experienced it and only found out later that, to your surprise, it overall had a bad reception?
What is your go-to comfort food?
If you had to consume one food and one drink for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Women of reddit, what are things that men already know about women but you wish they didn’t?
What could you talk about for 30 minutes without absolutely no preparation?
You get to bring back one discontinued food item, what is it and why?
What is something (food, activity, etc) that people believe is bad for you, but really isn't?
Looking at America today, do you think the melting pot was a good thing ? Why ?
[Serious] People who dropped out of high school or college where are you now?
Pregnant/previously pregnant women of reddit, what’s the weirdest food craving you had that you followed through with?
Reddit, when you walk in with food and someone (that you don't know) says "where's mine", how do you reply?
What's the worst advice you've ever taken and how did it turn out?
What's an obscure food you think everyone should partake of?
Cable TV subscribers of Reddit, Why do you still watch TV?
How do I reconcile the fact that I am so selfish with my notion of love and family?
What sounded like a batshit crazy idea that actually worked?
What are your top five must-read thriller books?
[Serious] Employer invading privacy. I have 2 phone nos, 1 personal and a public 1. Few people from management managed to get my personal no and check my whatsapp statuses. Now yesterday they created a problem with HR bcz of a Meme i made on my Organization. I am not in trouble but I don’t like it.
People that steal/have stolen other people’s food from the work breakroom fridge, why do/did you do this?
Country music lovers of reddit, what songs/singer would you suggest for people trying to start listening to this genre ?
What song plays in your head when you think about the one you love?
What's your favorite food truck?
What is the most overrated series of all time ?
Pet lovers of Reddit, what was your "Do you really keep your pets like that?!" moment?
(Serious) What does it mean when you know you shouldn't have a boyfriend because you don't love yourself yet you still flirt with the guys at work, attractive or not, and think about having sex with them and how do you stop?
Fast food workers of Reddit, how often do you see customers ask for a water cup, only to fill it up with soda?
Never mind the seat. Why don’t you put the lid down?
Can someone explain to me the logistics of leasing out my gas station
If we give our pets a monthly pill for ticks, fleas, and mosquitos, why haven’t we developed it for humans?
What’s a really cool subreddit that most people probably don’t know about?
[SERIOUS] People Who Killed Someone Accidentally Share Your Story?
What is the one snack food for you which you can't help but eat the whole bag/pack/bowl etc.?
UK People what is your opinion on the royal family and why we need or don’t need them.”?
What is the worst example of someone not getting in trouble due to status?
School cafeteria workers of Reddit, how great or crappy is the food you serve to students?
What’s the average amount it costs a month for a single person to live on their own in a one room apartment, or studio apartment, including the cost for food, cable, internet, and car/cell payments?
[Serious] In honor of pride month, people who came out to their loved ones and didn't receive a positive reaction, did your relationship with them change?
Where is the best place to find audio of men and women talking dirty/moaning while having sex?
Hey Redditors! Do any of you know a Churches Chicken Franchise owner???
You are now St. Bonaventure, Patron Saint of Bowel Movement, how do you use this position to help humanity?
What "love song" do you like the moist??
What would you like to humblebrag about?
People who loves their job, how?
Do you think that we would have the schools like social media one day? socializing with billions of people while learning 3Rs?
What’s a memorable embarrassing moment you’ve endured?
I want to learn either the piano or the violin. Which would you recommend and why? What are the pros and cons of each?
Is there any better feeling than listening to the music you love in a state of half-falling asleep half-consious?
What was your “I need to finish college” moment while working retail?
People who’ve been revived, what did you see while you were dead? SERIOUS
what could be reasons some women dont like flowers and others love them
What’s your biggest motivator?
What is one food you REFUSE to eat?
Lottery winners, what are some interesting experiences you had with family and friends?
People who have experienced love at first sight, what was it like?
what are two foods that should not be eaten together that you have tried?
People who work in fast food/customer service/retail jobs, what do you do to relax after a day of dealing with customers?
What is some advice you’ve received, given or come to learn when talking to a loved one, friend or random stranger who might casually say “sometimes I just don’t see the point”?
Why do narcissistic women pretend they hate the guys they love most, is it a test?
I never normally sweat much when eating really spicy food like Phall Curry’s and really Hot Chilli Peppers. Suddenly in the last week my head has been dripping wet even after eating something less than half as hot like Peri Peri Chicken. Any idea why?
What ‘old person’ things do you do?
How would the world be without any money ever existing?
Why do we fall in love...?
What food pairing do you secretly love, but the broad population would give you poop for?
You are taken hostage by an unknown intruder, and in order to be released unscathed you must beat him in one video game. What is the video game and how will you beat him?
Everyone of reddit who truly loves(d) their partner, why did you cheat?
Why is suicide so much fun ?
kiki do you love me?
Users of Reddit, is there anything you hate but love at the same time?
Password Hint - Rams Year
Retail workers of reddit. What was the weirdest/strangest amount of things you ever saw a costumer buy
What is one comment or post you deeply and extremely regret typing and posting?
Satan asks for a sacrifice, the object behind you is what you present to satan... what is it?
Where is somewhere that I can work (22M) for the summer that doesn’t involve food?
What is the most traumatizing experience you had as a kid with a video game?
Besides no taxes and no responsibility, what are the biggest pros of being a kid?
What is a 5+ minute song you really love?
What profession would you love to do but are too scared to?
What's the worst "elitist" type of food what would they do today if apple never released the iPhone?
If people's personality is defined by the top things they love to do. What is your top 5?
Remember programming your parents VCR? Now that Zennials and Millennials have kids what do we ask our kids to do?
Ex/current students of reddit, what's the dumbest reason you got suspended /in trouble at school?
GoT fans, what was the deal with the horse in S8E5 that Arya finds?
What’s the biggest largemouth bass you’ve ever caught? If you fish
College graduates, given your current circumstances (job, debt, living situation) was going to college worth it?
What do you take seriously and wished others did them same?
Is college better than school?
Teenager here, how fucked is our planet environmentally?
What is something you would tell to a diceased loved one?
What lie did your parents tell you as a kid that you believed till now?
What was your favorite school lunch food?
What's the weirdest, cringiest most fucked up thing you've done in a moment of sheer panic ?
People who have worked in a nursing home, what's the saddest thing you saw your patients go through?
What is something your family does not know about you?
What is the best way to make masturbation better for men?
What is the best thing you love about your culture?
People of Reddit who thought they’d never find love, how’d you find the one?
An unknown cataclysm occurs on Earth, and the only effect is that it renders air travel impossible. How does our society change?
What is your 'I love my partner, but I won't do THAT' moment?
What is the most embarrassing thing that a neighbor has seen you do?
Would you chase after someone you’re in love with even though they are moving out of your state in two weeks?
Growing up in the late 70s, ABC had a Saturday morning show with fringe sports (bowling, barrel jumping, canoeing, etc). Loved to watch with dad. What sports that don't get much love in the USA are way more interesting and fun to watch than the big ones (Football, Basketball, Baseball, Soccer)?
[SERIOUS] To the ones who have performed some kind of surgery or autopsy on an acquaintance/friend/loved one: what were your experiences like?
What was the time you thought you were going to die?
How did you get your dream job?
What are some memes that only work on reddit?
What companies do you have a love-hate relationship with?
Fast food employees, what compels you or your coworkers to fill up someone’s drink 75% to the top with ice?
How to Connect Samsung Printer to WiFi Router?
IT workers, what are your horror stories?
How did you tell your most recent crush you liked them and what were the results?
What is a discontinued food from your childhood that you wish you could bring back?
Karma ÷ account age in days = average daily karma amount. What’s yours?
Apartment-living Redditors, if you order food delivery do you have them to bring it to your door, or do you meet them downstairs?
What is the greatest achievement you’ve accomplished in your life that you feel proud of?
Ex-meat lovers of Reddit, what was the moment that finally made you become vegetarian?
People who have had an embarassing or terrible first meeting with their partner's parents, what's your story?
Song lovers, what is one song you've looked for years and finally found it?
What's a conversation that you've eavesdropped on that was the most hilarious and random thing you've ever heard?
What hobby/sport/activity do you have that you absolutely love, but really suck at?
What's better for people planning their future? A bachelor in university or college?
We all love Keanu Reeves, but who are some of Reddit's other favorite people?
What's your amazing me so horney story?
Restaurant workers who have spat in someone's food, what made you do it?
People who have been on home buying/home renovation shows. What was the experience like and are you still in your home?
Teachers of Reddit, Have You Ever Gotten Signs Of A Student Having A Crush On You? If So, What? Was It Straight Or Same Sex?
How do you personally know if you love someone?
What food do you typically get cravings for fairly frequently?
What would happen if every single organism suddenly became vegan?
What’s that one thing in your life that everyone loves but you cannot stand at all?
What do you think about people that shove a finger inside there butthole then smell it and then become addicted to doing it and love the smell of it?
What drug gives you the closest to the feeling of love?
You are the creator of another planet, what is that planet covered with instead of trees?
What is something you love to do on your phone while you’re on the pooper?
What's the most unexpected thing that has happened to you today?
What was the easiest decision you have ever made?
There are any fetish/perv female?
What obviously stupid decision does someone make that pisses you off?
Which one would you rather give up if you had to: food or sex?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
You can only eat from one fast food for the rest of your life. What fast food do you choose and why?
What skill or information do you wish you could unlearn?
What have you wanted to share with the world recently? Give us your Stories/ideas/opinions/money/reproductive organs?
What’s your favourite aspect of a different culture?
What's a way to easily remember peoples names?
How do you show your love / appreciation for someone? How do you want someone to show love / appreciation for you?
What did that one kid in your class do?
Which video game companies would you like to see battle it out?
Fast food workers of reddit: does it bother you when people order food “to go” and eat it in the store?
Should parents be allowed to read their teens messages?
What's a movie you love watching over and over again, that is actually a really bad movie?
What is the most underrated AskReddit post about things that are underrated?
Reddit users who have payed back all of your student debt, what is one tip you can give to people with student debt or people who are going to college in the future?
What's the most useless thing you've ever bought but you still love it?
What's a food combination that doesn't sound like it would be good together, but when you tried it, still didn't?
Dear Reddit, who else loves eating live cockroaches and how do they taste to you compared to other protein-packed foods?
What was your ten minutes of fame?
What information do stores get when you pay with a credit card?
What is that one place in your living quarters that just gives you the willy nilly's?
What kinds of food do you not enjoy but like prepared a certain way/variation. For instance, I like hummus but hate chickpeas.
What is the best way to confess girl about love?
My crush says he loves me, and I don't know if he's sincere. I asked him out and he said he liked me but didn't know whether he was ready for a relationship. I also think I love him much more than he does, or claims to, love me. Yet he proceeds to flirt. What Should I DO??????
What is a type of food that would taste the best as a beverage?
When did you lost faith in love?
To all Men - What is the secret to a happy life?
If pets became illegal, would you hide your pet or willingly give it up? The punishment if found with a pet is at least 2 years in prison, which and vary depending on the type and amount of pets, would you still risk it to keep your pet?
Why don't you eat your favorite food anymore?
Pick three Marvel superhero’s one to be for a day, one to be for and month and one to be for the rest of your life. Explain your reasons why.
What’s the weirdest food combo/meal/snack you enjoy because your parents ate it while you were growing up?
What is an unusual food combination that tastes really good?
Is saying “no homo” homophobic
What happened at your last job that made you quit and find a new one?
You win the lottery and get 50,000$. What is the fastest and most stupid way to waste all of it?
What is the best thing about r/askreddit?
what stuff do you do when you wake up to have a productive day?
Fast food employees of reddit, what is largest amount of food waste youve seen in a day?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the worst public freakout you’ve seen at your job?
For those that have brought a case to small claims court, what was your case and what was the outcome?
College Alumni or Students of Reddit, what is one thing you wish you knew about college before you attended ?
People who bought pigs as pets: Do you regret your purchase?
What's an interesting and uncommon thing to give to your girlfriend (22) as birthday present (together for two years)?
When did you go from eating food that didn't disgust you so you wouldn't feel hungry to actually trying &amp; enjoying different foods? What was that one dish that woke up your taste buds?
Owning what items are proof that parents are selfish?
What’s something you tolerate/pretend to enjoy because it makes a loved one happy?
What's the creepyist thing that happened to you
I am a 19 year old sophomore currently enrolled in college in California with the intent to attend law school after I get my bachelor's. I have been considering enlisting in the CA National Guard during school. Would I be able to attend OCS after I get my bachelor's? Chances of getting deployed?
What is the show/movie where two people get busted for trying to complete a food eating contest together?
What is a strange food people love?
What was the best part of your college experience?
What lesser known historical event is hard to believe?
What is something now that used to be loved, but now going downhill?
What is the best way to get fired from your current job?
What are some rhymes in other languages that don’t work in English?
Apart from Keanu, who does Reddit love and hate. Why?
If you had a chance to change the ending of a movie or book, what would you change?
There's a button in front of you. It will add €1,000,000 to your bank account, but has a 1/5 chance to cause irreparable nerve damage to one of your loved ones. Will you press it?
How would you feel if you met a person who loved guns and military stuff but hated Republicans?
You wake up tomorrow in a mountain lodge with a note from your friends that this was a prank, and they will pick you up in a week. You have plenty of food and water. How do you spend your time?
what is something you do that got someone arrested ?
[Serious] Females of Reddit, what's holding you back?
When do you think I mean can be considered dead?
Who is your country's OJ Simpson (beloved figure who suffered a major downfall) ?
help pls
You find your favorite candy bar or wrapped food sitting on the sidewalk looking perfectly and looks pretty innocent, would you eat it? Why or why not?
What is the best way to get to know someone's name when it's actually too late to just ask?
You’re walking down the street with attitude and everyone stops and stares. What song is playing as you strut your stuff?
Where is the central nervous system of the universe?
If you could live in one time period for the rest of your life, which would it be and why?
Which food establishment has become so bad, you're surprised they're still in business?
What rumor about college actually turned out to be true?
What's that one college party story that you will never forget?
Looking for a specific meme format, can anyone help me with this. It’s a comic with a young guy standing he’s glad X is over showing a defeated enemy but with progressively stronger ones waiting behind, panel after panel.
Redditors who successfully freelance doing something they love to pay 100% of their bills, what are some tips you'd give on some things you struggled with, or things you think have helped you the most, or thoughtful anecdotes you may have, or just the story on how you did it in general?
I just got rejected from the college I was trying to transfer to after suffering a major depressive episode and being unable to complete my first year at another (academically more challenging) school— what are some songs I can listen to so I can wallow in self pity successfully?
What food did you resist trying for so long, but did and now love?
What food did your parents Lie to you about to get you to eat it?
What are the cast of “Friends” like in real life after meeting them?
Your pets are just ordinary pets by day, but superheroes by night. What is their hero name, and who or what is their arch nemesis?
Aquarium lovers: How do you decide what kind of fish you like?
If you could produce a song and guaranteed, it would be loved by everyone in the world, what would your song be about?
[Serious] What's the best thing to do when a loved one with a fearful-avoidant attachment style pushes you away due to fear?
College students of reddit, what are some thing those going to college should know?
What is an urban legend of the place/city you live ?
Redditors who have found the love of their lives, how did you know if they were the one?
Reddit, why are all nyheegers looking like baboons?
What do you love most about your life?
What is a real life version of a game exploit and how do you use it
Heartbroken people of Reddit, how did you cope with falling in love with someone who didn't like you back?
[Serious] Females of Reddit, what's a time a fart took your date to the next level?
[Serious] What is your favorite way to show how you love your significant other?
What is a food that goes so poorly with bacon, you wouldn't even want it as a side? Why?
What game do you love to play that you think doesn’t receive enough attention or recognition?
Why you love your Girl Friend Too much ?
Some love on the guys! What are something men find unattractive about themselves, but women find attractive?
What city has the worst food ?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen someone eat?
What game made you rage the most? At what point?
What's the likelihood of getting into a college programme where your application has been deferred the first time round due to numbers, and you've already reapplied for the following annual intake?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what's the most unsettling thing that's happened to you that you can not forget?
If you were reduced to the size of an atom, what element would you be and why?
People of reddit who have tried foods of foreign countries what food would you recommend to others that they should try?
[Serious] - What is your deepest, darkest secret that you would never tell a single person (aside from us all on AskReddit)?
Dear lovely ladies of ARAD! What do you think of male ass play? This https://m.imgur.com/xMcEbSG will soon go in my ass. Don’t worry, I have lube :-D
What's some food dish you worked the hardest on to learn to create, so you could make it as good or better than others, so you were the master of your domain?
You've been kidnapped and you've been offered food from any restaurant, but only that restaurant every single day, what would you choose and why?
Are you working hard at hardly working? Or are you hardly working at working hard? Which do you put the most effort into?
In wake of a recent post let’s flip it! People who have met their online friends, what did you love about meeting them?
Gamers of Reddit: What mob do you have a love hate relationship with?
Have you encountered a wild karen?
What moment made you fall in love with your significant other ?
Does cheating mean you don’t truly love your partner?
Doctors of Reddit, when did a patient give you too much out of context information? What did they say?
What foods do you love the taste of but hate the texture of ?
What are you quite good at, but not at all interested in?
Why do you love your hobby and what’s special about it?
Uber Drivers of reddit; how often do you actually rate someone?
Lesbians of Reddit whats the worst/funniest experience you've had coming out?
What are meals/food combinations that a lot of people like but you hate?
What would it take for you to love immigrants?
You suddenly wake up in a Mysterious Island that seem to be full of deadly monsters and plants. You have no weapon, no water, no food. The only thing you have is crew of 5 members that will explore with you, each member represents a subreddit. What subreddits will you choose?
Redditors of reddit, what was your thought when you ate your first guacamole?
Which 5 people living or dead would you to love to have over for a dinner party and an orgy and why?
If you could only ever eat the same fast food meal for the rest of your life, where would it be from and what would it be?
How do you break up with your High School girlfriend before moving into college?
Redditors who work at Reddit, how is it?
Fast food workers of Reddit, do you get offended when people use your career as an example of failure?
Hey Reddit, do you believe at love at first sight? Why or why not?
What’s the most devious scam that has been done to you or a loved one?
What is a well known fact that you still can’t believe is real?
What's the English word that you just can't pronounce right as a non-native speaker?
Describe in detail, one person from your past that for some reason (you didn't have the guts, or it wouldn't have been right) to ask out on a date (but now you regret not doing so)?
I have a history project where I have to dress up as a historical figure and bring in a food that relates to that person (like sun chips for Louis XIV since he was the sun king). Who can I dress up as and what do I bring (I really need some help here)?
What is the best thing about college?
What's the weirdest food match which tastes amazing but shouldn't?
What food do you crave most often?
Why do you love/hate your name?
What good food is too messy for you to enjoy?
Am I the only one who want to f***ing throw my phone against the wall with YouTube’s new double ad feature?
What food would you love to have right now?
You have the magical chance to choose one food/dish that will be the best one of its kind that ever existed. What do you wish for?
What made you fall in love with a person instandly and made that love last up until today?
what is love explain ?
People who have lived in dorms as college students, how was your experience?
What are a few stories about Chernobyl that you or a loved one experienced?
What little things does your SO do that makes you feel cared for and loved?
Reddit, what's the nicest food you've never tasted?
You're confined to a cabin in the middle of a remote forest for a year. You have a supply of food/ water to last you for the year. You get a choice of any 3 things to keep with you in your cabin and if you're still alive and sane at the end, you win $10 million. What 3 things do you choose?
What dream predicted what would happened in your life
What commercial do you love?
What are your opinions about ants do you hate them, like them or just don't care, If you hate them what is your favorite way to kill them, if you like them why, if you don't care well just read the comments, or are you like me and keep ants as pets do you think keeping them is weird?
what is a food you can't stand but most people love?
Fast food workers, how do you deal with rushes?
1% of reddit. How did you make it?
Fast food workers, what should we not order at your restaurant?
How should someone tell their parents/ tutors they want to smoke?
You have the oppertunity to split into 3. What do you have each of your selves do?
You are 100 years old and have forgotten everyone you know except one person. Who is it and why?
What mistake did you make that ended up doing more good than harm?
Men of Reddit. What is the hardest thing you have experienced due to your gender?
What’s a funny name for group chat of food connoisseurs?
Community colleges offer trades and courses for people with learning disabilities, did anyone out there with a learning disability manage to land a decent career while suffering from a minor learning disability?
What purpose do gnats serve, food chain-wise?
For those who are happy with their career: Why do you love your job?
How much food do you consume daily?
What's the best pranks you've pulled on new co-workers?
What food if sentient, would for sure be the downfall of humanity ?
How does someone get out of "no college degree and limited factory/food work" job purgatory?
How to tell a friend, who is mad in love, that his girlfriend is a manipulative bitch and is slowly ruining every other relationship he has with his friends and family?
What is something you have loved watching develop?
Do you have to tell your SO that you love them every day?
People that have been in love, how do you know?
Some studies say that people who were bullies during school end up having jobs with power dynamics (Ex.police, nurse, etc.). What do you think are other equivalents for that statement?
Why do we never find love when we are seeking it, but it hits us when we least want it?
If you had the infinity gauntlet what would do?
Who's the worst non-political person on twitter?
What is your definition of love?
What is an open secret in your profession, industry, etc, that more people should be aware of?
What is the biggest misconception about college life?
Who here loves to go Barefoot? If so, why?
What movies did you love that most people didn't like?
In what ways do you need to improve as a lover?
Why does food in the microwave not get fully cooked if you have too much food inside the microwave?
Parents of Reddit, what is something important you would like to tell your kids?
Why do people deliberately veer to hit turtles with their car? What is wrong with these sociopaths that want to murder something just getting along with its turtley life?
What do you love about your generation?
What is your unrequited love story?
Children of their mothers, did your mom go to college?
What would you do if you found out your neighbor’s 19 year old college student daughter was working as a prostitute and they didn’t know?
Which TV sitcom you hate that everyone else loves and why?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?
Women of Reddit, what video game characters do you consider to be well-written?
How did you feel when the beautiful cringeanarchy was banned?
What’s an unknown fact about working at McDonalds or other Fast-food Chains?
If you are the quiet type, or you are socially awkward, what would be the best way to make friends or confess feelings to a crush?
people who have been in jail, what is the scariest thing you have ever seen in jail?
What was a dream you had that changed the way you viewed something or someone?
What's something you wish your kids said or will say to you?
What was your first job and did you enjoy it ?
What's something you eat or put on your food that everyone else thinks is gross?
Question: What kind of bear is best?
Should people charged with sexual harassment be allowed to work?
What post didn’t get the love it deserves?
[Serious] If you could one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
How do you keep your pets healthy?
Non-Americans, what is your favorite American food?
What is the reason behind climate change denial and why does it appear to be predominantly by those that lean right on the political spectrum?
12 years of school, 4 years of college then you work until you die. Is there other says to live your life ?
Why does 2K19 have to be complete garbage and a miserable excuse for a basketball game?
Choosing a college computer
What fictional food, from literature or screen, have you always wanted to try?
Walmart workers of reddit. A co-worker and I are getting less hours than usual(34 a week) now getting as little as 8 hours a week. I am questioning if there is some weird thing of cutting back on younger people’s hours?
If you could own a real life version of any movie prop, what would it be and what would you do with it?
How often do you eat fast food?
Dear Reddit users,what was (or is) your most creepy/weird/disturbing story you ever had as a child?
Young adult here, What are some of your favorite life hacks you love to share?
What is your shipping horror story?
Hey men do you still love/care about your ex-wife?
What's your best: "Oh! I survived, I love when that happens!" story?
Why is tea better than coffee?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest order you’ve received?
How did you love yourself?
Which culture makes the worst food?
[Serious] how do you tell if you're in love? Every relationship I've had, ive never felt anything emotionally. Is there something wrong with me?
Reddit, what are some bizarre food combinations that taste amazing?
[serious] When have you travelled for someone that proves love exists?
What are your expectations for how a relationship anniversary should be celebrated? What do you feel is necessary or just plain over the top?
Are you more likely to love the actor or the character?
What is your favorite personal modification of a well known food?
WHY IS YOUTUBE DELIBERATELY PUTTING MORE ADVERTS ON YOUTUBERS VIDEOS? AND WHY ARE THEY PUTTING 5 PLUS MINUTE ADVERTS ON MORE INCREASINGLY. WHAT IS THE ENDGAME?
What made up games did you play as a kid?
What's a movie that critics seem to hate but everyone loves?
People of Reddit, if you love something, shout it from the rooftops! What do you love and why?
We All like to complain about our spouse/SO, but what's one positive thing about them that makes you love them?
Gamers of Reddit: what is your “perfect” game from your childhood?
At almost 26 I’m about to give up on a lot of things and just get by. No love, no friends, no hope in society, no hope in myself, no goals, no motivation. What’s something you gave up on?
How can someone welcome love back into the heart after years of ignoring it?
Couples of Reddit, care to share any hilarious sex stories that you look back on and giggle or have a good laugh about?
Fast food workers of reddit, what was the largest meal someone ordered?
Why does itching your eye feel so good? But then it itches more?
What do you love/hate about the city/town you live in?
What’s the most difficult to understand book you read?
Would you rather be feared or be loved? And why?
What's your plan for the Apocalypse?
What is a video game franchise you would love to see as a movie?
What clothing style will instantly make you fall in love with that person?
What are the top 10 world destination you dream of visiting?
What do you love and hate about your family?
What are the good local fast food chains in your city? Something you only see in your area that everyone loves.
What couple did you feel had a true love that you were jealous of only to find out it was all bullshit or ruined by drama?
If you had the authority to ban any fast food chain, which would it be and why?
For the past three nights in every single one of my dreams a family member has been brutally murdered Infront of me, especially ones who I love the most and the same yesterday with my ex (who I still love). Sleep now seems horrifying. Can someone please explain this for me?
What is the point of aggressively moderating Reddit for syntactical styling? I.e. this sub, removing posts for almost anything.
How much does your life suffer from self sabotage and how much to you want to change this bad habit?
Romantic love or mature love?
What food or food combination that you really like that would be considered messed up by most people?
What are foods that made you feel better during depression?
What did you do in the last hour?
Since normal people read minds, why do they treat the autists with patronage?
What is an excellent hobby that doesn't take a lot of time if you don't want it to, but is still worthwhile?
What are your favorite guilty pleasure fandoms?
Do Australian women really love American accents?
People of reddit, what is your favorite or least favorite food? Why?
What is something that bothers you because it doesn’t make sense?
Redditors, what was the creepiest thing you ever thought of and what happened/did you do afterwards?
[Serious] People who have intrusive thoughts, what strategies do you have to deal with them?
In what small ways do you "fight the system"?
Married people of Reddit, when did you realize that you had met the love of your life?
What is your favorite subreddit?
Pin copied text snippets to stop them expiring after 1 hour?
Why does being newly in love make you nauseous?
People of Reddit who dropped out of college, how did it turn out?
What’s something you loved doing before going through puberty and now do not?
People who used to get F's in school/college how are you doing in life right now?
Money is no object. Do you never work again in your life or do you work a job you love but have to be submit to real work life restrictions?
Fast food employees of Reddit: what's really going on when "the ice cream machine is broke"?
What is your “roommate from hell” story?
What’s a food that everyone needs to try at least once in their life?
What is your idea of love?
What’s your favorite food to cook/make at home?
What do you do when an A-wing is about to kamikaze into your super star destroyer, and your sped crew won’t intensify forward firepower?
How do you stay successful in college/university?
What's the most wierd thing your pets do?
If you could start your own MLM company, what kind of crap would you sell?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
(Serious) What’s it like to have a girl love you?
Reddit, Bumble blocked my account does this mean it has been deleted?
What's your worst experience with a for-profit college?
Redditors who make any kind of food, what’s your most Gordon Ramsay like experience?
Dear Redditors, who is somebody from your past who you no longer talk to, that you would love to know what they are doing now?
Reddit - Keanu Reeves love
What is the worst thing about you?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s something you wish everyone knew about the job or what you do?
People of reddit, what's something you love doing in the Summer when you have time?
What is the one food you will never eat no matter what?
If North America is the name of the continent why doesn't the US (United - States of - America) has a unique name like Mexico or Canada?
What makes humans top of the food chain?
People always say Marriage takes work. What types of work exactly does it take to have a good marriage?
What book/series did you love before, but then reread and hated them?
What's the most passive-aggressive thing you've ever seen or done?
What’s the strangest thing a person ever said to you while interrupting another conversation you were having?
What are some telling signs that a college/college in general is not right for someone, specifically after they've begun at a university?
People born circa 1980: what movies did you have taped on VHS off the TV that you watched so many times you could recite them word for word? (Mine were the Dark Crystal and Muppets go to Hollywood)
Why did your last relationship fail?
If you could create a new country and lead it what would it be like and what rules would you make?
[Serious] What are some things that would have made your crappy group project in college less miserable?
Regarding the phrase "I love you. I'm just not IN love with you." What's the difference to you? At what point do you know?
What would your “live laugh love” sign say in your home?
What’s was something you never thought you would like, but when you tried it, you loved it?
What are your favorite and most successful ways to learn a new language? I have grown tired of coming home from work and wasting time watching shows/movies and would love some in home ideas.
What's the food that you decided to never eat again?
Minecraft pocket edition
What’s the story of how you first told an SO ‘I love you’?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is your pets favorite toy and why?
Katere službe so v Sloveniji presenetljivo dobro plačane?
What do you lie about to your parents to make them worry less?
People who were/are competitive food eaters, what’s is your grossest story?
What's a weird food?
What is a seemingly random sound that soothes you or just really makes you happy? Is there a specific reason?
Police officers of Reddit what is something a suspect has said or done that made you think “yep they did it”
With all the awful things is the world, whats something you love about today?
問: お金持ちだったらかっこいいことですけど貧乏だったらださいことはなに？
Wolf lovers, what are some interesting facts that you know about wolves?
Can you describe yourself using a fast food chain’s slogan?
When have you applied the saying, an eye for an eye?
/u/AutoModerator on BMW owners of Reddit, does your vehicle have turn signals?
Why is there a stigma surrounding private High schools but not private colleges?
Why dont the people on /r/politics contact their local administrator and are they ghetto?
What is the one thing you and your significant other will never agree on?
What’s a “dish” you invented on an extreme budget (in college, between jobs, etc.) that you still make because you like it so much?
What's your favorite Elton John song and why?
What are some great college stories?
Drivers of Reddit, why do you slow down when passing?
Any got some advices or tips on how to deal with your girl who has a savage mouth? Like she is cursing you and hoping that you will die every time she gets angry but will love you unconditionally when she is relax. Help guys. I am a sensitive and fragile guy and she is a savage and brute girl/
What's your favorite time saving hack?
Culinary experts of Reddit: If you could have dinner with George Washington, Abe Lincoln, and one of the Democratic candidates, who would you choose and why?
How can a question blow up here?
What if butter chicken lovea rooster but a irb sub is noce lol 8 whatha -?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Nvm ?!?!??!!???!!?!,!!?!,!!,!?!!?!?!?!?
Which shows should do a crossover episode together?
Hey Reddit, can I get some alt-rock music suggestions?
Are you ever weary of people that "everybody loves"?
Food service workers of reddit. We’ve all heard the phrase “Don’t fuck with the person making your food,”. Have you ever messed with a horrible customers food? What made you do it?
If I didn't have loved ones (family and friends), I probably would have killed myself a long time ago. What keeps you going?
What's the latest outrageous trend in your school/college?
[serious] How many of you have ever slept with your boss?
Whats the best way to handle weight lifting while working as a waiter where Im always on my feet moving around and lifting trays of food/plated all day
If you were a ghost, how would you "haunt" your loved ones?
What’s the dumbest thing you or anyone else has done?
Fast food workers, what’s the strangest orders or combinations that customers have ordered?
What food do you associate your favorite video game with?
What’s one thing you love buying but usually makes you feel guilty afterwards, besides foods?
What is the most immature thing you have heard full-fledged adults say?
What’s the most shameful/obscure food you love to eat in private?
Deviled eggs are popular and delicious but never served at restaurants. What other foods are popular but rarely served in restaurants?
Which Hogwarts house would your loved ones be in? Why?
What was one video game you loved as a child/teen and thought you would never give up but ended up drifting away from as you got older?
What are appropriate questions to ask the owner of a school?
What are some common food that can make you sick in unexpected ways ?
Does anyone love their parents but hate the people they are? Why so?
How do you know you truly love someone?
Which song do you love listening to over and over again?
If you where inprisoned in an ISIS camp what Disney Princess would you want to save you, and why?
If you could go back in time and fix only one of your mistakes before being sent back to the present, which of your mistakes would you fix and why?
What’s the funniest oxymoron you ever faced?
What's the grossest thing you ever had to do?
What advice or life hacks would you give to an incoming college freshman? [Serious]
Have you ever loved someone with a serious addiction? Did you ever feel like you were able to help them?
If you were forced to eat pet food to survive, what kind of pet food would you choose?
What’s your worst experience with a spicy food or hot sauce ?
What's one food that everyone likes?
Service peeps of Reddit world. Is it me or is eating on a shift fucking cursed? It will be dead for hours and the second I get food people come in and hassle me without fail yielding cold food and hanger beyond measure.
Reddit what’s was the worst thing a ex had said about you to make you look bad
Military Redditors, what was the funniest thing you've seen a recruit do? And did he get smoked for it?
People in love, when did you realized something cute your partner did might be interpreted very differently by other people?
What food do you hate the most?
What is the best movie to watch if you would like to feel better about your own life (because the film perfectly illustrates just how shit life can be)?
What were your favourite dishes from your favourite fast food restaurants when you were growing up?
fast food workers of reddit whats the worst thing to eat from resturants and why ?
People who grew up putting an ungodly amount of time into an MMORPG, what's your character's proudest achievement?
Loss of interest in food. What are your thoughts??
What is a job you can make a lot of money at while in college, earning a masters degree?
Non-American Redditors, what are your thoughts on the electoral college?
Small Business Reddit -- What pre-hire assessment do you use that you love?
Why do I feel like lying to my girlfriend all the time? Is it normal with all the guys?
What do you love the most about your country?
If you could go back in time to meet your former self what advice would you give them?
What's the most wholesome thing you've ever witnessed?
In college do you need a laptop or can my custom built desktop pc be as good? How common is it for kids in college to have a desktop pc in their dorms
What's the worst that could happen?
Redditors outside the U.S, what is a stigma about the U.S that you or people from your country associate with us?
Who is the dumbest person in your family and how do you find a way to love them through their idiocy?
What is something your pets like doing, but annoying you?
Bongo is caveman, how do caveman bingo attract lady? Oga boga.
What common/widely hated food do you love?
What are your tips for studying optimally in college?
What is one reputation that has stuck?
[Serious] Are there topics that, quite frankly, shouldn't be up for debate? Why or why not?
Would you break the person you love most’s heart to save their life? Why or why not?
What do you think of the Ice Age movies?
Would you let go of your friendship of 10+ years for the person you love?
If reddit were a restaurant, what would the food be like?
Does the phrase "Be There or Be Square" still have currency in North American English?
People of reddit what is your "I don't want to live on this planet any more" moment?
What's the strangest way you let your partner know you love them?
What lyric is bouncing around your head right now?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is the scariest thing you've seen your pets do?
What are the main differences between your life now and your life in 2007?
Music lovers of Reddit, what is the best way to discover new music?
How to start programming?
How do you feel about people who only truly show their affection and appreciation for you when they’re drunk?
Wives of Reddit, what is a small thing that your husband does that shows he loves you? [serious]
People of reddit when did you realize you found the love of your life ?
Should you travel while you're young? Is this commonly held belief becoming outdated?
What “trashy” food goes surprisingly good with wine?
People who actually have awesome mother-in-laws, when did you realize this?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever seen someone do?
People of reddit,What are some tricks or things i can do to lower my food budget?
How many pounds per square inch of grip pressure do you apply to a whisk when whisking?
Have you told a friend to give up on a person he/she is in love with, just to not see them suffer?
Which subject did you love in middle school but absolutely hate in high schol?
Do you have to know someone before falling in love with them? Or do you believe you don’t have to? Even like love at first sight. Or maybe you start seeing someone differently? Or it just happens?
What's a good thing you do (talent) but you feel embarrassed when someone watches you doing it?
People of reddit can u suggest me a good series?
what is your country's weird food that is only found there, and would sound completely insane to anyone foreign?
I need some help/advice. Im a 20 year old male and I have a small bump on my right testicle. It hurts occasionally but no agonizing pain just consistent. Should I get it looked at or am i fine
Americans of Reddit: What part of college experience is left out or misportrayed in college movies?
Which subreddits have the nicest/rudest followers?
[Serious] Redditors who have had, or been, a loved one in an abusive relationship, how did you get out of it?
Any apps for stroke victims to place an emergency call to a loved one with one button press?
What was the song that you liked or loved for a long time and attributed to one group, only to find out much later was performed by some other group entirely?
What's one thing you did as a child that still keeps you up at night
(TW) Is there a disorder like the equivalent to anorexia but with drinks instead or food?
Name a movie without love involved in it
Are there any new foods to discover?
What was your first time in jail experience like?
Redditors, How is your university entrance exam in your country? What are you applying from college to your life now?
What is the the best way for a person to get out of "no college degree and limited factory/fast food work experience" job purgatory?"
If you could close one fast food chain which would you close?
College students of reddit, how has college impacted on your self-esteem when it comes when it comes to inteligence?
What kind of content do you downvote? Why?
What is your favorite thing that you learned from Reddit?
The last TEXT message you sent is now your headstone. How will your loved ones remember you?
You’ve ordered the same meal at the same restaurant 100 times, but when you order the same thing for delivery (Deliveroo, Uber Eats, Just Eat...) how can things go so wrong? What’s your worst food delivery fail?
What is the craziest thing love has made you do/overlook?
What book are you glad you were required to read in school?
The least expensive item on a fast food menus is 0.99 cents (prices may vary), while a mango costs 0.39 cents (prices may vary), even though the prices may vary, why do people choose the fast food over a fruit?
It is now illegal to sell food or products that don't look like their pictures or descriptions. Which company is screwed the most?
Reddit, what is for you the best ARG
Programmers of reddit what is the easiest programming language to learn to make apps?
How did you know, your loved one is the one for you?
While alone, what experience have you had that was almost like a sixth sense?
If you had to eat a certain type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
When was the time in your life when you felt the most loved?
Fast food workers, what's the strangest customer experience you've had while working?
I love reddit, no one can see my loli hentai profile picture when I post
What would you love to see get discounted during the steam sale?
What is that one crappy item in an otherwise good food place?
If God introduced to your real soul mate and true love of your life, would you break up with your current SO?
Is it hard to make friends in college/uni?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, what is the weirdest/funniest thing you've done while sleeping ?
What’s one thing that everyone else seems to love but you absolutely can’t stand?
For someone who is starting college this year, what is your best advice?
[SERIOUS] Redditors with depression, what things would want your loved ones to know or do?
What movie would you love to re-watch in a cinema?
People who work/worked with other people’s pets what’s the weirdest pet name you’ve come across?
How much did you cry out of happiness when your wife's boyfriend bought you tickets to watch your favorite superheroes fight the evil purple CGI man?
How happy are you with your governments current level of domestic mass surveillance?
What are your horror stories?
What annoying comments have you had to ignore and move on from?
Movie lovers of Reddit! I just saw Avengers: Endgame after weeks of dodging (most) spoilers here on Reddit. What spoilers were you exposed to before you finally saw Endgame? ATTENTION: BLATANTLY OBVIOUS SPOILER ALERT INCOMING.. SPOILERS AHEAD!
Why do some people talk to their pets?
What is a movie that actually deserves a remake? Why that movie over others?
How do you gain back someone’s tryst after cheating on them?
Why are we so interested in enslaving animals?
Whst is one thing you hate but everyone loves
How to respond to the question "where did you go to college" when holding a job that typically requires a degree?
I quit social media (minus Reddit, YouTube and LinkedIn if you count those as social media) a few weeks ago and love life without social media. How in the world did we reach a point where society is too dependent on social media to function?
why do people respect tradesmen, they are generally people too dumb for college?
Does anyone else have the palette of a child as an adult and just likes simple basic foods like meat and veg and can’t take unusual foods like Fois Gras or other food people think are delicious, and how does it make people think of you?
What are some free fast food promotions to make us fatter and less poor?
What are some tips and food to buy for eating healthy?
What is the best fast food restaurant and why?
why dont the yankees spend more money like the good old days?
If you could eat one food for the first time again, what would it be?
Do you like being loved or feared?
What was the weirdest thing you ever saw while at a friends house?
What is the worst "I was going to do it but now u told me to do it, I won't &gt;:/ " moment you had?
What are some ways college students today can make extra money?
People of Reddit, do you prefer more expensive fast food restaurants or cheaper fast food restaurants, keep in mind I'm only talking about taste and quality?
Reddit, what's the weirdest acid trip you've ever had?
What are the worst food combinations you can think of?
Why do some of you not know how to flush a toilet after you’ve had a SHIT?
What was a weird year living in to you?
What is one snack/food you absolutely love, but makes you feel terrible?
What is your favourite food that isn't well known?
Chefs and cooks of Reddit, what some of the most strangest/unappetizing food you have had throughout your culinary career?
Fast food workers of reddit, what are some of the worst encounters you’ve had with customers?
Do guys get attached as easily as girls do when being FWBs?
[Serious] Do you know of any towns or cities that do not allow leashed pets in its parks? How would you feel if your community reversed its ordinance?
What music from a language you don’t understand do you love?
What would be the names of the father and daughter variants of Karen (Mom) and Kyle (Son)?
What is the best type of meme do you love best?
People of reddit, what was your biggest “Stonks” moment?
Whats something you misheard your entire life?
What food or drink can you no longer consume and why?
What do you love about being your age?
What's the song that all your friend love it but you can't?
What's something that you shouldn't know but you do know?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was the craziest experience that you have ever witnessed?
If you could remake any movie and make it "dark and gritty", what movie would it be and what would you do to it?
Would you trade kids having to get vaccinated for everyone having free and easy access to healthcare? Meaning kids dont have to get vaccinated but anyone can get medical care for free if shit were to hit the fan? why / why not?
If two mind readers are reading each others Mind, whose mind are they actually reading?
What is your favorite bible verse?
(Serious) what is a skill that every man needs to have?
Reddit, what is the TL;DR of your college degree?
What is a good memory you have about your old elementary school?
Today’s cultures are more intolerant than ever, anything that remotely depicts aggressive behavior gets the “me too” treatment, ancient and centuries old works of art included. Without condoning sexual aggression, how can we not let such works of art get lost in this intolerant culture?
Worst place in the world you’ve traveled too?
What is your single biggest problem?
You have to replace one letter in the name of a dish/snack/food with the letter A - how'll the new dish/snack/food differ?
When does ugly become cute?
What do you consider the most influential speech in history, and why?
The humble cable tie, I love you, I challenge the reddit community to find a limit to your uses... what is the time a cable tie got you out of a bind?
List of foods with country or name of a place / state
Did EMT make matters worse??
People who have 'fallen in love at first sight,' or similar, what's your story, and how did it end up?
What are some odd habits that your pets have?
What food is ruined when had with coke?
What's the weirdest place you've ever taken a shit?
If you could go back and change your major in college, what would you have changed it to? Why?
How can I use my free time to make an extra $200-500/month? I'm a CPA in the US, and I recently left my side hustle as a line cook making an extra $400-600/month. That being said, I'm looking for a new way to supplement that, without having to work as hard (e.g. possibly working from my computer)?
Sick and tired of being sick and tired
How can someone claim a Home Office?
What food/drink did you love as a kid, but grew out of as you got older?
Redditors who have performed or purchased a love spell, what was your experience?
When did you realize your ex was crazy ?
What is the best username you have encountered on Reddit?
Adults of reddit: do you still keep contact with who you once considered BFFS
What if he likes you and you know its not impossible for you to like him too, but you're scared to fall in love so deeply because you always think that he will leave you eventually?
What is a band you love but for whatever reason you have never actually bought an album/cd/tape of theirs?
People who don't believe in true love, why not?
If you could go back to college/university, would you change what you studied?
Quick! Reddit people, what’s a pro tip for dealing with a prolapsed anus?
What "Red Flag" do you wish you hadn't ignored?
What do the colors we can’t see look like?
What is your favorite work of art, and why?
What’s the best piece of advice anyone’s ever given you.
Game Of Thrones - How To Ruin 11 Years Of Success Within 30 Minutes?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was the funniest thing a kid or adult has done while you are working?
Redditors, what's that one crazy story that you and your friends love to reminisce over?
Pet owners of Reddit, any of your pets ever went psycho like Cujo? What happened?
What inventions are you grateful for that we don't talk a lot about?
Adults, what tips do you have for future college students?
Hotel housekeepers of Reddit: What’s the grossest or weirdest thing you’ve found or had to clean up after guests?
People who works at a fast food restaurant, what are some weird/ gross things that people should know about the place or its food?
80s and 90s babies, what was your life hack when you were in school?
If you are allowed to choose only one food for the rest of your life,what will you choose?
People of Reddit, what food is the best combination of both healthiest and tastiest?
How do you stay motivated?
Who hates fast food?
Would free college in America lead to a drastic drop in military enlistment?
What's something you love that you are NOT subscribed to the subreddit for?
What is a embarrassing moment in your life that you will never forget?
Fast food employees of reddit, what made you quit?
What's that one song you love but you can't jam out to it with your friends?
What is your favorite love song?
What videogame character would you like to see portrayed in a movie? And who would you like to see play that character?
What's your favorite food to eat as leftovers?
I'm 26 years old and 180 pounds. I workout/ lift every day and get 8 hours of sleep. I've cut all sugar/ junk food from my diet and am happy with the results but really need a diet plan. What foods should I eat for Breakfast,Lunch and Dinner?
What's an less traditional place that you buy food?
What's your current daydream?
Depending on what you eat are there different types of fat formed from foods?
Writers/authors of reddit, what is the best way to get over writers block?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is the most bizarre thing a customer has asked for and you were either forced to make or just had to turn them away?
What’s the most “Karen” thing a person can do?
LOVERS of reddit, what is the most polite way of breaking up with someone?
High school teachers of reddit, have you ever genuinely fallen in love with a student?
Students of reddit, what's the best and worst experience you have received in college?
Why is love represented by a heart?
What is your food that you must eat in a very specific way?
How does it make you feel when a friend/loved one makes self-deprecating jokes?
Is it weird or am I lucky I found a pornstar that greatly reminds me of the girl I love, but we arent dating?
New college graduates, what happens next?
What do you guys do to get past loneliness?
What is the best life advice you would give to your younger self if you could?
Older folks of reddit who never fell in love, what happened? How do you feel and do you think it's still possible? (serious)
Ladies would you think it’s hot to watch your boyfriend suck cock? My girlfriend told me she fantasizes about sitting next to me while I do it. (Were both in college and pretty kinky) Do girls find guy on guy action a turn on?
What is something you loved as a kid but current and future generations will never be able to enjoy?
What do you love most about your bedroom?
Students of reddit, what is your least favoritw thing about school, aside from the obvious reasons (homework, wake-up times, etc)?
Car lovers of reddit, if you had all the money in the world what 2 cars would you buy?
What makes you feel loved?
What Subreddit specializes in work that you can travel with? Especially programming?
People of Reddit, where would you go during a zombie apocalypse to best protect yourself and loved ones?
What “opinion” did you adamantly hold a few years ago that you’ve drastically changed since?
What is a terrible scenario you can say "I love you" in?
Redditors who actually love their job, what do you do and why do you like it?
People with strong RBFs, what do you purposely do to appear friendlier?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of owning 1 set of clothes and wearing that everyday (only cleaning it once a week)?
What was it like breaking up with someone that you knew loved you and didn’t want to break up?
What's your favourite 2D video game of all time?
If you started a food truck, what would you serve to set yourself apart?
Third wheels of Reddit, what’s your worst experience of being one?
Possible Discussion on /r/AskReddit in post "Is it selfish to have kids now, given what we know is coming with climate change?"
What are some examples of strange ways you eat food?
How do you guys cope with work when your love life is affecting your soul?
What is the reason why people assume just because you love a hobby (esp if you excel at it in amateur levels), that you will love doing it for a living? Has anyone found out how hard the pro leagues can be the hard way? Do you have examples to share (such as attempting to join the NBA)?
What foods do you eat weird and how do you eat them?
Women of reddit, how does your best sexual experience with a small penis compare with your worst sexual experience with a big penis?
Based on their personalities, what genre of music would your pets enjoy?
You get a credit card with unlimited money, but you have half an hour to use it. What do you do?
Whichever law in USA is the most hated, why should representatives get to overpower the people to keep it?
What is the funniest/stupidest joke you’ve ever been told?
Where can I ask advice on an important legal situation on reddit? As in, a forum in which I can write text? It’s important and I’m new here and would love to know of a subreddit?
Reddit users who love anime and have been in an art class in school, have you been looked down upon for loving anime and how did you feel when they said that anime wasn't an art?
Having trouble paying for college. Any ideas?
What keyboards use the Yahama/YM2612
What scene in a movie turned a character you hated into someone you loved?
What should never be mistaken for love?
What's the dumbest thing you've done in a Bethesda game?
Redditors who grew up outside of towns and cities. What unbelievable things have you had city folk say/do whilst visiting the countryside?
Imagine you're one of the few people who knows that there'll be a civilization-ending event in two days. Apart from canned food, what do you buy? How do you prepare?
If you had to choose one song that would be played on repeat in your head for the rest of your life, which song would you pick?
Who is your favorite basketball player of all time???
What is a game you USED to love?
What's your too-posh-for-comfort restaurant moment?
Statistically, if a loved one is kidnapped, is it a better idea to pay the ransom or contact the police?
What weird food combinations have you tried and actually really liked?
To the doctors of reddit: What was the most heartbreaking diagnosis you had to tell a patient and how did you do it?
College students, what is the strangest thing that has happened to you while in college?
If you could bring back one discontinued food product what would you bring back?
Doctors of reddit, as someone who needs to inform deceased's family that their loved one/ones are no longer with us, could you tell us what was the most upsetting reaction of a deceased'd family that you had to witness or hear?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done while half-asleep?
What is better, cookie dough, or fresh hot cookies out of the oven?
Will free college tuition across the entire U.S ever be a possibility?
In spirit of many graduating seniors heading off to college, what are some college/life tips you could offer to them?
What are good foods to eat after getting your wisdom teeth removed?
What's normal as a rich kid, yet never heard of, and beyond imaginery as a poor kid?
What is your favorite topic to talk about and why?
What’s an example of a Jeopardy category from the year 2100?
What is one non-sexual act that your s/o does to make you feel loved?
Why do some type A women act defensive/bitchy to type A men but feminine and agreeable around type B men?
If Phsycic mediums could really contact other "spirits" and predict the future - wouldn't they be experimented on like if someone had a real super power?
What is your favorite discontinued fast food item?
What’s something only your pets know you do?
Americans who’ve visited Europe, what made you go “WTF”?
Redditors, I know this doesn’t really make since, but what is a food that tasted the exact same way it smelled before you ate it?
[Serious] Non-STEM college graduates: did getting a degree really improve your job prospects?
[Serious] Where can I find a Japanese video where a guy possess his teacher to make love with his mother and possess his mother to make love with his teacher?
What is your creepiest encounter with a skinwalker?
A college classmate (35M) I (35F) was kind of friends with and hadn't seen in 10 years asked to meet for drinks at 8pm on the weekend before flying to another country the next day. What do you reckon his intentions are?
Can I duct tape a lukewarm hot pocket to a frisbee, throw it to a goat, and let it eat my hot pocket?
Do you think friends should also make a big deal about saying “I love you” to each other just like couples do?
What are some little things that people do for others that scream “I love you”?
Reddit, What are some topics that provoke thought in your head?
Movie theater employees of Reddit, what is the most poorly executed attempt at smuggling food into the theater that you have witnessed?
Do you think puppies are cute? Why or why not?
Redditors who loved a particular profession as a child but ended up in another profession as an adult. What's your story?
What are few things that people love to discuss about?
What's the fastest you've made friends with someone in person?
Why is there such a lack of dairy and milk in general in asian food?
I love It When A Plan Comes Together
How do I get over someone who doesnt care about me
What was one food you loved as a kid but now it seems gross?
Who gachoo good?
Fellow pizza lovers: What do you think of Hawaiian pizza?
Have you ever stood against the majority and ended up being right? What situation was it?
What food advertising in TV shows or movies has worked on you?
Whats the craziest thing that has happened in the boys locker room?
What would historical quotes look like if people in the past had today's lingo?
Redditors who eat fast food every day, what restaraunt do you usually eat from?
[Serious] What does depression feel like?
What’s the best way to fill the emptiness in your life?
To anyone who has a job or volunteers, what do you do and why do you love it or hate it?
Do you think anti-vaxxers are actually helping strenghten the human gene pool by letting those who are susceptible to disease die off instead of reproducing?
What love feels like?
Red Hat lovers of Reddit how has the MAGA hat now being viewed as a Klan robe affected your ability to wear the red hat that you love?
What's a comeback that you love because you can say it to any insult and it will still make sense?
What are some good jobs college students should apply for when back home?
Reddit, What was the worst or weirdest talent performance at a televised pageant (Miss USA/America/etc) that you’ve ever seen?
What’s the best fast-food burger in the north east? (RIP In N Out)
Weird dreams?
Lube replacement?
People of Reddit, what was your first experience with your current favourite food?
What boring movie does everyone like to suck off?
People who have or currently are working in food service, what’s your best “Let me speak to your manager” story?
When was the first time you felt love and what did it feel like?
To all the people that have lost a loved one, If you could talk with them right now what would you say?
Couples who smashed the cake into each other's faces at your wedding, are you still together?
What's your favorite food/drink to get at a gas station?
People who are rude to fast food/retail employees, why?
Loners of reddit: how did growing up as a loner affect you and your life?
What is some bad advice your parents gave to you?
How to for a donations portal for people to donate money or anything for a crisis?
What is the best revenge you got on a friend or loved one that stabbed you in the back?
What food do you hate the most and why?
[Serious] What's your story of unrequited love?
If a married man, falls in love with another woman, is he still cheating on his wife?
What is something other redditors can pm you asking for your help with ?
People of Reddit who have almost been abducted/kidnapped, what's your story?
If you had to sacrifice someone for the soul stone. And you sacrifice yourself, do you still get the soul stone if the other person doesn't truly love you? Meaning you'd have to sacrifice them if you truly loved them?
Summer party location, college (not spring break)
Yo people who are feeling good tonight, what good story / random facts can you give me to help my shitty mood ?
What is some proof that pets have feelings?
I’ve recently discovered a love for spicy foods. What’s your best antidote for a burning butthole?
Music lovers of reddit, if you shuffle all your music what song are you not skipping ever?
What is something you would be in the 1st percentile for?
Guys of reddit, if you are a girl, would you love a guy like you? Same question to girls as well.. why would you love? Why would you not love?
Why do you wash down your synthetic grocery store mystery food with toilet cleaner (soda) lol?
What are some of the scariest bugs?
Has someone found the love of his life after 40?
Why does puppy breath smell like coffee sometimes?
Redditors, whats an app that youve always wanted but has never been made? (trying to get new ideas for programming)
People with notable anxiety, how can your loved ones be there for you?
What is something you'd love to eat again but will probably never do?
What drama is going around in your fandom/subculture currently?
International students of MIT, Harvard, Yale, what advice do you have for someone who aspires to join these colleges?
Do food fights really happen?
When was the first time you fell in love?
Sick people of reddit, how did someone in your life make you feel increadbly loved?
In college, is it rude to ask people about their grades?
What are your most bizarre comfort foods?
GUYS: what is the cheesiest, most "romantic" thing you do to let her know you love her even after 10+ years? 20+ years?
what is this? https://ibb.co/9ZzkBLG ?
What was your favorite college class?
Would you prefer to pull your pants down and spread your ass cheeks so The Flash can run into it and create a brand new timeline in your ass or have Superman tongue punch your fart box into another planet? Why?
How do you make someone fall in love with you?
What is the funniest/saddest/happiest/weirdest/randomest story/food/experience/friend/videogame/movie/injury/homework you've ever done/seen/smelled/missed/wanted/dreamed/dropped?
What food do you like to eat when you are depressed?
What is your favorite weird food combo (ex. Raw carrot chips and salt)
Why we always love the wrong people ?
People who worked as a Resident Advisor on a college campus, what was the weirdest thing that happened while you were on duty?
What you love to do even you know this is not good?
What are some signs that you might be in love?
Redditors with belief based eating restrictions (Muslims, vegans, etc) do you eat restricted foods in videogames?
What is your “move” or pick up line for someone you’re attracted to, and has worked?
As a basic white dude who loves spicy dishes, what's the best way to ask for a "hot" dish at a Thai restaurant (that won't kill me)?
Why does our body love the foods that are bad for us? Makes no sense to me.
You have two weeks off work from tomorrow, and all the money in the world to enjoy it. The only stipulations are that you have to travel to one place and spend the 14 days there, and you will travel there alone. What are your plans?
People who were in bands in high school or college, how did that work out and if it didn't why did the band break up?
What are some tricks for landing an internship/potential job while in college?
What cliche are you tired of seeing in movies and tv shows?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
What’s the scariest sound you can hear?
How do I report a redditor to reddit?
Popular kids of reddit, was life a dream In middle/high school? What was it like going into high school/college?
What's the thing you most love about Alexandra Daddario?
Replacing a word in a movie title with the word “shit”, “ass”, or “titties”, what’s the best movie title you can come up with?
How come on the packaging of frozen breakfast food the box is always yellow or yellow tinted?
What is your brain food?
What was the weirdest thing that happened at your high school reunion?
What movie, or movies did you love when you were younger, but when you see it today you see a ton of flaws?
What’s the difference between sex and making love?
If a genie gave you a wish to make someone you like, love you back, would you, not knowing if they ever really loved you?
What is your one advice to the people in love?
I've always noticed certain people while eating take a bite, then take a sip of whatever they're drinking and chew the food and liquid mixed together in their mouth. I always found this thought to be disgusting and never once thought of trying this myself. Do you do this? And why?
Pet lovers of Reddit, what's the "weirdest" pet you've ever had?
They say 'buy it nice or buy it twice' but what is better bought cheap and not worth splurging on?
Why is The Office(US) so loved?
Musicians, what tips do you have to learn an instrument relatively quickly (I’m thinking about starting to learn guitar this summer) I know I have to practice daily and all that but HOW do I practice/what should I do. And what online sources are useful
What are your thoughts on this thread?
Gamers, what is that obscure game you love but nobody else seems to know about it?
What’s your comfort food when you’re sick?
What's something you have a love/hate relationship with?
My battery percentage is Gowan’s down super fast and I have low batter mode on what should I do?
Hitchhikers of Reddit, what is your horror story?
What is Eros love?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the stupidest reason somebody has been rushed to A&amp;E?
Single people of Reddit: what is your favorite love song?
What stupid recipe did your Auntie share on Facebook last week?
If a mysterious being from another universe comes to you and offers you 2 superpowers and 1 wish, what would it be?
What kind of cat food does your cat eat? how would you deal with a cat that only eats specific brand of food?
You $50 to feed yourself for 30 days but you can only buy fast food. What’s your strategy?
What ass-backwards way did your workplace spend money that could have gone someplace better?
Wich "imperfection" your SO have that you personally love ?
What’s one thing you love about yourself??
Why do so many seem to critique or doubt the policies and actions of the United Nations?
Do you love big cats, why?
What is the weirdest thing or food combination you've ever seen someone eat?
Music lovers of Reddit, who's your favorite live act?
What's a secret about you that someone else revealed?
Judges/Lawyers of reddit, whats the craziest thing you've seen someone try to sue for?
What is something people think is stupid, childish, boring, or a waste of time, that you love doing?
What food sucks even when cooked right?
is it still possible to play faerie caves II on neopets? I've tried but all it does is make me watch an ad and then go to a gray screen :(
What's something that you would love to do, but you won't because society frowns upon it?
What are some bizzare food combinations that actually works together?
What is something all college freshmen should know about living expenses?
Am i the only one that loves nightmares?
If we origin from monkeys, why does monkeys still exist (wrong answers only)?
Apart from beef and bottled water, what are the worst foods for the environment?
What taste or food takes you back to your early childhood?
Who or what do you have a love/hate relationship with?
What were all of your favourite pets?
Why do many people love Hondas so much?
People with multiple pets, what double standards are you guilty of?
What TV show do you want reimagined but with children.
Americans of Reddit, what is a product or food that you realized is only really American when you went out of the country?
What's the worst thing the Nazis did ?
Roommate ate another roommates food out of the oven...atmosphere strained...what to do???
If someone was going to make a collection of interesting facts as a book what fact would you want to put in it?
Grief of a loved one passing. Better to share with SO or take time to work through on your own?
How do I go about patenting a food recipe?
What was the school incident?
I wanna make a sub but I don’t know what it should be about. Any suggestions?
What is a small gesture your SO does that reminds you that they love you?
How do you perceive love? What makes you feel loved?
Health inspectors of reddit: are you able eat fast food and/or at sit down restaurants? Or do the things you’ve seen make it a challenge?
What food do you probably eat differently than the majority of other eaters?
What was the most wildest thing you've done in college?
I’m very unwell today.
Do you think crypto mining is still profitable? Why or why not?
What’s a music genre you love but if we ask people close to you, no-one will guess it? Like a guilty pleasure.
What is something you enjoy doing that you would love to be paid for?
What parts of your body could you eat, if you had to survive as long as possible without food? How long could you last, with how much of yourself left?
Anti-vaxxers of Reddit, do you vaccinate your pets?
What an aspirant should know before selecting a career direction?
What’s the most cringeworthy fashion trend that you'd love to see make a comeback?
Parents of Reddit: What Baby Gear Will Actually Make My Life Easier, and What is Overhyped and Useless?
Reddit, where do you find moms that want to fuck younger guys?
What's an extremely controversial opinion you hold?
What are some subreddits that unexpectedly don't exist?
What is your favorite slo motion video on the internet?
What word do you love the sound of?
What’s the biggest lie someone told you?
People of Reddit, what is the worst thing you have experienced/seen in the last 7 days?
I'm 20. Got a respectable family fortune, never lived alone, &amp; have an ongoing college education, but I don't want any of that. I want to start from scratch. Was planning on moving out, getting a job and exploring myself and the world and reduce my carbon footprint. Thoughts?
What's the most batshit insane speech you've ever witnessed a college classmate give?
Does anyone else genuinely love going down on their partner?
Cheez Its or Cheese Nips?
50 years from now, what do you think will be the new “If you or a loved one ever had ____ you maybe entitled to compensation.”
So how much do fast food restaurants Fuck us over
I love you ____
What is a food that tastes better cold than hot?
What is a food that isn't a sweet and tastes better cold?
What is the best way to deal with having an 8am class in college (my high school didn't even start until 8:40 for reference)?
If you had to get rid of any fast food chain in the world, what would it be?
If you were stranded on a desert island with a group of people, and everyone had only one item of choice to help them survive, what would be yours?
What are some must have qualities from your favorite celebrities?
What is the weirdest flex you ever saw?
Fast food workers of Reddit, who is the worst customer you’ve ever dealt with?
What’s the laziest thing you’ve ever done in a video game?
What is the most exotic/taboo food/drink that you've consumed or eaten?
Reddit, how did you deal with college admissions anxiety? Did you learn anything from it?
What are potential drawbacks of “free college for all” plans?
What do you love about the place you live?
If God loves me then why can’t I get a __________
Which song always gives you chills?
Why are you?
How do I set a reminder on reddit
Fast food workers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've seen at the drive thru window?
Rock lovers of Reddit, what's your favorite rock genre and do you have a band\song to recommend from that genre?
soon to be mother-in-law/family-in-law issues?
Can you describe yourself, the one you love the most, and the person you hate with one word? In No specific order?
/u/AutoModerator on What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
[Serious] How are American Muslims treated in American colleges?
People of Reddit, what’s that “thing” your dog does that you love the most?
People of reddit, what’s your secret guilty pleasure?
What’s the scariest thing you found in your closet?
Which reddit can help me find a picture of something on the internet?
What was the moment like when you knew you had fallen in love with somewhere, something or someone?
Chefs of Reddit. What something that costumers love but you have making?
What’s something that was valuable in the 80’s/90’s that is worth little/nothing now?
What is the absolute worst TV show ending of all time and why?
What is your goal for Friday?
Americans of Reddit, do you agree with trump on the insufficient military strength/support from European allies? Is an "EU army" a good thing?
What were you told as a child about being an adult that is definitely not true now?
What was your college major, and how did you decide on it?
What is your guilty pleasure jam? The song you love, but roll the windows up to rock out to just in case.
Bi people of Reddit, which sex is more pleasant to go down on?
What is the stinkiest fresh food item (other than Durian fruit) you have ever smelled?
So I shit out my food exactly 8 hours after eating it. I looked it up and the normal time is supposed to be 48-72 hours. Should I see a doctor? [Male, 20, 6'2", 95kg] I'm in great shape and don't feel weak or wtv, been like that for like 5 years, maybe more I just didn't think about it at this age.
Wealthy individuals: What are your opinions on paying someone to travel with you on vaca and capture video/drone footage providing you with a professional video of the experience after?
Why not?
What’s the difference between 100 calories of a vegetable versus 100 calories of a meat versus 100 calories of a sugar etc.?
What are some dieting and exercise tips for the average person?
What’s your favourite food combination?
Lost interest in current girlfriend and I have strong feelings for someone who doesn't see me as material should I try for friend or stay with girl friend
ok so i saw a post about youtubers you can’t stand, so the question i have is, what are youtubers that you love or at least tolerate?
What hyped up regional food have you tried when traveling? Did it live up to the hype?
How’s your day going so far?
College students, what crazy things have you seen/experienced at college?
What does "adult job" mean vs non adult job? And how stupid is this question?
Have you ever made a game out of having sex with your partner?
What's your favorite subplot from a TV show?
For those who fell in love with someone who lived far from them, how did you fight to see them in person?
People who have worked at fast-food restaurants or coffee chains, what things did you learn from working that made you never want to eat/drink there again?
Animal lovers of Reddit, what is the most exotic yet calm pet?
Do you think you chose a person you fall in love with, or it's some kind of wierd chemical reaction?
Americans who’ve visited Europe, what made you go WTF?
What is the most basic variety of foods you could eat whilst still maintaining a balanced and nutritional diet?
I tried to ask my FBI agent, but got no answer.
When did you know you were in love?
What's a thing or person that you once hated that you now like or even love?
I don’t ever go out to eat, or rarely. I eat at home. I try to eat healthy. How much should someone spend weekly on food?
When was the time you felt loved the most in your life?
If you could bring a loved one back to life for 24 hours, would you; and if so, who and why or why not?
Madlads of Reddit, what is love?
How did you meet your significant other, and how did you realize you loved them?
Do you know dramas with either glow ups or "fat" girl leads as love interest?
What's that cringey thing you did as a kid that comes up in your head when you're trying to sleep?
What are some stupid jobs that require you to go to college but you can probably do without a degree?
People who didn't go to/quit college, what do you do for a living and do you regret not continuing education?
For people that work behind the scenes of food (butcher, fast food... anything), what are some things we should know?
What would be your description of love?
The boomers and gen x left the millennials with a lot of big problems to solve (global warming, over emphasis of college education, increased dichotomy between rich and poor, etc.). How are the millennials fucking over the next gen?
[SERIOUS]Would you marry someone that you love platonically, and depending on your answer what are your views on platonic love(excluding family/older people/pets)?
What's something you love eating with salt but consider almost inedible without?
Is it possible to eat an exact amount of food that would keep you both healthy and never require you to poop?
[Serious] How do you love the unlovable?
[Serious] Survivors of false rape accusations, how has it impacted your life?
What’s something you love the smell of, but hate the taste?
How much money would your wife have to make in order for you to be a stay at home dad?
If you could learn to fluently speak any foreign language within a week, which would you choose and why?
What is the single most powerful/inspiring quote out there?
If you were pulled into the world of a video game, which would you choose?
If you had to write a biography for a childhood bully, what would you include and what wouldn't you include in the book?
What is a food combination that is disgusting until you actually try it?
If you could live one day without consequences what would you do?
How to win college? [serious]
Have you ever wanted to hear someone say "I love you", even if they didn't mean it?
[Serious] Redditors who met their love very young, what’s your story?
Horror movie lovers of Reddit, I want to watch 1 horror movie each day for October. Any suggestions?
People of Reddit, What is your guilty pleasure food?
Post Malone and Justin Bieber both use autotune but Post Malone is loved and Justin Bieber is hated. Why is that?
What do you call Alfredo?
Guys, how many times y'all shake? When is it appropriate to stop?
What’s a song you really don’t like by a band you love?
What is your favourite quote from a game ?
What weird nicknames do you call your pets instead of their given name?
Couples of Reddit - if you had to give up your smartphone/tablet, sex, your favorite food, or TV for one year, which one would you choose?
Would you rather become the richest person in the world and let a loved one die, or be stripped of all your money revive a loved one, and why?
So I've been seeing these neon/bright green bugs in my apartment. What are they called?
Whats the dumbest question you’ve ever asked?
Adults of reddit, what's the biggest misconception high schoolers have about college?
If you fall in love with someone who is struggling financially. Should you ditch them?
What food do you love that everyone seems to hate?
What's it like to win a year's supply of something?
How were your birthday parties as a kid?
What have you said in the past that you now regret saying?
Reddit, what once beloved brand ruined their product?
What were some unexpected results of a loved ones death?
What is the worst phrase you can make u/uwutranslator say?
Why do Americans waste so much food?
Your house is on fire, and everyone in your house is out and safe (including pets). You can get out any amount of items that you can carry safely in one trip. What items do you save?
What things are you passionate about doing and why do you love doing them
If food had a social hierarchy, what would be at the very top?
Hello dear Reddit, sum funny comedy anime you can recommend? Not to Phantasy if Possible?
What is the noise that you fall in love with instantly?
What do people say just to make themselves feel better?
How do restraunts misrepresent thier food from a cultural aspect?
Which common poor use of grammar annoys you ?
What's an easy way to confirm you're in love with someone?
What does falling in love feel like?
What is Worse,To never Try or to Fail and get Mocked by everyone around you?Why?
What are some jobs that require extreme or unusual physical attributes?
What makes your cat/any pet you own/owned weird?
does anyone want to come to my 24 hour Freaky Friday Marathon next weekend in Denver? Why or why not?
You just Love "Darkening sky by Peter Adam's"? So what other songs do you love and want others to listen to?
What did you study in college and what is your job today?
What are your opinions on United airlines?
No college degree but successful. How to answer the question, "Where did you go to college?" .
What foods tastes amazing in first bite, but gets worse as you keep eating?
What’s a food that everyone should learn how to make?
Porn actors of reddit, how has beeing a porn actor affected your love life?
Motorcyclists of Reddit, what's the scariest close encounter you've experienced?
If you could try any food in the world, what would it be?
[serious] For those that had children because you loved your SO and not because you wanted children, are you happier now compared to pre children? Why or why not?
What is your best drunk story?
[Serious] What are some tips for moving away to college?
Do Alabama guys really have sex with their sisters?
You have been granted a wish. But there is the catch. You can not choose money or being famous. What would you choose?
What type of food do usually eat as "struggle food"?
Why do we still buy into the PSAT/SAT/ACT if earning college degrees involve critical thinking over bubbling in A,B,C, D and etc?
People of reddit,What are some tricks or things you can do to lower your food budget? What are some cheap food alternatives to fast food?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
What’s the best way to spend a summer day?
If you could have one of your limbs replaced by food, what would it be and why?
Are there any anime tropes or cliches such as headpats that girls actually like?
Where does the love for/obsession over the Shrek movies start and end?
I haven’t heard anybody talk about this in a few years so I’m curious? Does anyone remember the book Mr. Popper’s Penguins?
Has anybody ever successfully removed their stretch marks?
If you could eat any type of food for the rest of your life with no ill effects and still have your nutrition met, what types of food would you eat?
I joined reddit yesterday and I love memes, what communities or subreddits or whatever they're called should I follow?
what is one thing that you love, that everyone either hates or thinks is weird?
People who have finished their time in college, how is real life different?
What food/meal is just as good cold as it is hot ?
I have a passion for technology and in time I would love to understand everything. Ihave more background than the average person because I am currently an IT major. I still don't feel like I can do anything though. What would be a good place for me to start gaining experience and learning on my own?
When you thought that suicide was your last option, what stopped you? Mine was my love for my dogs. I just couldn't leave them.
What is your strangest sexual experience?
Undergraduates of Reddit, what are some the things that movies get totally wrong about college life?
Restaurant and fast food workers on Reddit, what is the most picky or crazy food request you've ever received?
Pet owners of reddit, what are some annoying things that people say/ask about your pets? E.g. "Your cat is not nice because it doesn't immediately love me"
Employers of Reddit - does a college degree mean that much anymore? Is it more valuable to take specific online course for the skill needed for the job?
How did you get over a break up with the love of your life?
Do you believe in love, is love real, what do you think?
Hotel/Motel Housekeepers, what's the worst thing you've seen on the job?
If you had access to the perfect virtual simulation technology and were demonstrating it for the first time. What do you do?
What is the most "exotic" food you've ever tried AND loved?
What is something your love/partner does to you that hurts you emotionally?
People who just graduated high school or college, what will you miss most about school?
Admissions officer of reddit, how are you going to handle a college applicant who was an ex-convict of drug-related case?
Picky eaters of Reddit, which popular food terrorizes your taste buds?
what unusual foods do you store in your fridge?
Reddit, how did you get over the loss of a loved one or a person close to you
What phrase sounds x100 funnier/weirder with a poker face?
What is the creepiest thing you've caught a sibling or a relative do?
People of reddit, what post made you press the upvote button the hardest?
What movie changed the way you think?
Why does food and water cost money if it’s necessary for our survival?
When did you realize you WERE the baddies?
What unusual food should everyone try at least once?
Where do you wish you could eat (Not like at a restaurant, just a location to commence the act of consuming food at)?
Reddit, zip-ups or pullovers?
People who screamed "That's because I love you !" in the middle of an argument, how did it turn out ?
Humans of Reddit, What are Your Favorite Movies? Also, What Genre is Your Favorite?
Resteraunt/fast-food workers, and consumers of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you've ever heard from a customer. (complaint, excuse, etc.)
What's the worst food service experience you've had?
People who work at a fast food sandwich shop, (Subway, Jimmy Johns, Jersey Mike’s, etc.) what is the weirdest order you’ve ever taken?
If you could pee in anybody's butt, who would it be?
Guys/girls of reddit how long do you normally last?
What is the naughtiest thing you and your lover have ever done?
What is the best food you have eaten?
What foods or drink are more expensive in the country of origin than in other countries?
What do you love about your Pork Sword?
Have you ever been so in love that you fear the day it gets taken away from you?
What was your school scandal?
How do you know you love someone?
[Serious] People who work in retail: who has been your best/ loveliest/ kindest customer?
What is a really useful ability to have in a fantasy world
What products have the best price-to-performance and/or price-to-quality ratio (any type of product: cars, cameras, computers, accessories, lenses, clothing, food, etc)?
People of Reddit, if you could give one piece of advice to those going to college next year, what would it be?
Describe your love life with a name of a song?
What are some skills you think could be mastered within one week?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the best thing in America that you don't have in your country?
Spent last night hanging with a girl who seemed to not have the best skin and just some acne, which I don’t care about i don’t judge it, but she had a bump on her lip. Is it possible it’s just a zit and not a love bump?
People who work in food delivery services, have you ever spit or somehow violated customers food?
What popular food/snack do you find disgusting?
Former broke college kids of reddit, what did you do to save some money?
What percentage of your regular paycheck would you be willing to have deducted in order to give illegal migrants free food, housing, and free healthcare for as long as they want?
What do you love and hate simultaneously?
[Serious]Why are you for or against political correctness?
Current or former American college students, what’s it really like on campus with the sexual assault culture? (Serious)
Why do we love to hate so much? It’s as if people nowadays are looking for an excuse to be angry about something. What can we do to make things better? Can it get any better?
People of reddit what’s the sluttiest thing you ever done that you loved so much you’d do it again in a heart beat
[Serious]People who were/are community college students, does it hurt when some people say community college isn't a real college?
What was a good song from a crappy movie?
Artist's on Reddit, who was your worst Choosingbeggar?
Have you ever found a bug from pre-packaged food/drinks??? If so what did you do?
What's something that people won't like to hear, but that they need to hear?
How would the world change if breaking an NDA was suddenly no longer punishable by law?
People who have been kicked out of college/school, what happened?
What is something extreme/ funny you have done living as a broke person/ college student? E.g. eating ramen 🍜 every day, taking napkins, etc.
What is the most badass thing you've heard/said to a teacher?
What category would you consider a bear to be in, cat or dog and why?
Do you prefer hot or cold syrup on breakfast foods?
What popular foods do you hate with the passion of a thousand suns?
People of Reddit, what is your most upvoted post and comment ever?
What's something that's currently happening that gives you hope?
Math professors of Reddit what is the normal percentage that tests should be worth, in regards to overall grade?
How was/is your experience in college?
Let's say if you were an alien from another planet actually on Earth disguised looking for love, would you stay disguised using an dating app or do something else entirely?
What was your worst failure?
Gay people of Reddit, what was your “oh shit I’m gay” moment?
Hey redditor do you know a comic book with deep and complexe universe (rather sci fi or heroic fantasy)
If you could only eat one food item for the rest of your life, what would it be?
How do you feel about Fox News Tucker Carlson saying bombing Iran would have ended Trump’s political career with no chance of re-election?
What widely loved characters are actually pretty shitty?
What is a brand you used to love that has gone down in quality?
What are the better love stories than Twilight?
Mature students of Reddit, what’s your story about going back to college / university ?
Men of Reddit, how big is your duck?
[Serious] Men of Reddit who've been on dates where your date was only in it for the free food and made them pay their half or ditched out leaving them with the bill, how'd it turn out?
[Hetero] Women of Reddit: What are your views on men's bodies? Men love women's bodies: we want to touch them, kiss them, caress them, lick them...and of course make love to them; do women feel the same about men's bodies? Are they a subject of desire in and of themselves?
What thing that you love would you trade for a pound of gold?
Tattoo artists, What's your favourite tattoo that you've ever done that you'd love to do again but have never had the chance to?
You died at work. Years pass, and you're still haunting the place by going about your daily business. The old employees are telling the new employees a ghost story about you. How does the story of your hauntings go?
What's the worst birthday present you ever got?
Do you believe that everything happens for a reason?
Men of Reddit, how would you feel/respond if your long term girlfriend proposed to you?
Would you rather have unlimited international first-class tickets or never have to pay for food at restaurants?
Why do progressives believe that white people shouldn't be allowed to have any country where they are preserved as the majority, not even in Europe?
People who constantly got told how smart they were in high school, how hard was college for you?
Scat lovers, when and how did you first realize you were turned on by feces? Most importantly, why?
People who love having sex in semi public situations
What happened between you and your ex best-friend?
What is the weirdest food combinations you have tried and actually liked?
/u/AutoModerator on It's your half brother's 30th Birthday - You want to write him a card, saying he's always been your full bro and you love him as one. Genetics be damned. What do you say / write? My parents are divorced and I live with my mom and my brother ("half-brother") ?
We apparently mandate that people waive their HIPAA rights to buy a car
Why does everyone on Reddit say “Edit: Wow, I wasn’t expecting this. Edit: Thanks for the gold, king stranger!”
What is the best movie to inspire/initiate love making with a consenting date that does not allude to sex through title or premise?
People of reddit, if you had to make a game within 24 or you get shot, what would the game be like or how would you escape the hitman?
[serious]People who dropped or never went to college, did you regret it?
What story do you know about greed sinking a prosperous business?
Whats a trait or a food/drink order you've adapted because of a fictional character?
Your last text message is now your Presidential Campaign Slogan, how will your campaign go?
Women of Reddit: What is the best way for a guy to show interest as a stranger without coming off as creepy or making you uncomfortable?
If you were playing Sims and they reached out to you saying help I’m in a simulation, what you do?
What are some real life secret achievements?
If you could choose between a longer life, wisdom, and love, which would you pick?
What is something that I wouldn't know about you after a week of working with each other but would be very apparent after a year?
Chefs/Cooks of Reddit what's your go to fast food order?
Who is your guilty crush?
What is a prank you regretted the moment it happened?
Would it be better to install 2 inch baseboards or 7 inch baseboards in a house we recently got and are remodeling?
Where can you get the best fast food tocos?
What food you hated as a child but now you absolutely adore it ?
Who’s the person that you loves most?
Lifelong horror fans, what movie/show/book do you attribute to being the beginning of your love of the genre?
Dog lovers of reddit, What’s your favourite breed?
What’s the most obscure restaurant that you’ve found has the best food?
What fast food used to be amazing but is now garbage?
What is the worst food poisoning experience you've ever had?
Food service workers, what have you done or have seen being done to a rude customers food order?
Will Will Smith Smith?
What is a song you love but are too embarrassed to listen to in public, and why?
Do people who study history ever leave college or do they just go directly from graduating to teaching the very class they just took?
What’s the worst kinds of behavior exhibited by customers of fast food joints?
What is a tv show (or tv show episode) that you love that everybody else hates? and vice versa?
What is the most useful thing you learned in college outside of the classroom?
What is the most depraved thing your boss/rich neighbour/rich family you have ever heard?
Why don't college students exercise?
People who have lived with homelessness: what are your opinions on people offering leftover food to others?
Users of reddit with a single parent/one set of grandparents, how do you think it has had an affect on your life? Was it for the better or worse?
If you don't have a utensil, what is your go to way of eating food?
Who else on the east coast (NJ) is enjoying this lovely rain?
You can choose one type of food, it's free for the rest of your life and you'll never get fat, what do you choose?
Are there any countries that love Americans?
A Genie will grant you three wishes with exceptions to love and bringing people back from the dead, what do you wish for and why?
What’s a food that smells terrible but tastes amazing?
What is the best snack food/candy combination no one thinks of?
Metalheads of Reddit. What’s a band or genre that you love that everyone else seems to hate?
Redditors! What is a song that you absolutely love but too embarrassed to admit it?
If you could take a pill each day that would provide the needed nutrition to keep you going would you? Eating sometimes is just not what i have budgeted into my schedule, alternatives are stuffing my face with snack bars, or fast food. Both are quite meh. Anyone else feel that way?
What's something you're scared to tell a close friend (even if it's to help them) ?
Fellow Redditors, what is love?
[Serious] Is there any food item which gets spoilt if refrigerated? Not considering items that have crossed their expiration date or things that have been meddled with prior to refrigerating it.
Fathers of Reddit, help us here but keep it real. What is the perfect gift for fathers day, that you would love but never get?
Gay people of reddit. My best friend recently cane out to me that he is gay and that he is in love with me i have no problem with him being gay or that he loves me i just wanna know how to support him because im very stupid tbh. Anytips? Does and donts?
When was a time you should have called the cops but decided against it?
What Band/Musician did you love ten years ago, but don't really listen to anymore?
If your love was an ocean how deep would it be?
Women of Reddit, what do you hate about being female the most?
Why does my pp hurt after eating spicy food?
fellow redditors who are or have been in love with a fictional character, how or why did you fall in love with them?
Whats a food that Wouldn’t be good as a sandwich?
What food are you craving that isn't available where you are?
Redditors of Reddit, what would you do if you no-clipped out of reality and appeared in The Backrooms?
If you could delete one channel from YouTube , which one it would be ?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the one thing a customer does that pisses you off to no end?
What is the point in having 97+ friends, followers, and etc on social media, and not humanly able to communicate with all of them?
Food-eaters of Reddit, what food sin do you enjoy?
How happy are you today?
Soldiers of reddit. What is the funniest thing that happend to you while on active duty?
Fast food and drive through employees of Reddit, what are some of your craziest stories?
If you could have one exotic animal as a pet (it would never attack anyone), it would be very friendly and you get free food for the rest of its life. What animal would you choose and why?
Big fan of weekend getaways, especially to places where one feels at home or experiences a sense of kinship. What cities/towns do you love to visit because they make you feel like you belong?
Whats the most important lesson you learned from college/university that didn’t occur in a classroom?
What's the strangest thing you did for money?
What is a true fact that no one wants to admit?
What is the stupidest but genuine thing you've seen someone do to "prove their love"?
What are the best ways to deal with a friend who feels like the world is out to get them?
Reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you did for love?
Why did your parent refuse permission for photos of you to be taken when you were younger?
What fast food place do you think had the grossest, lowest quality food?
What’s something that you thought was overrated when you were younger but that you love now?
Fans of the John Wick Series, we’ve heard of pencils but what are other everyday, ordinary objects that John Wick would use as a weapon to kill?
Programmers of Reddit, what is an easy but also useful programming language you can learn at home?
Sexually experienced Redditors who took their partner's virginity, who went down on who?
Hej guys, I have a question, is it OK if me as an ateist/buddhist is in relationship with strict christian girl, I love her but I am afraid if I am not nice enough for her.. She is the nicest person I've ever met. So please help me
How many pets should you own before it becomes unsanitary?
What’s a good you learned to love overtime?
What is the one thing your dad or male figure in your life did for you that is outstanding, memorable, or something you will never forget?
What are your thoughts on reddit premium? Is it worth the price?
What pets do you have? What are they like?
You can freeze time at will but for every minute that passes it takes a year off your lifespan, what do you do?
What kinky shit would you do to your celebrity crush in a sexual fantasy?
What should I watch tonight?
What is something you miss/enjoy in college? and Why?
which is the dumbest thing you have seen someone who should be smart in the subject do ?
Brexiteers: How do you expect to benefit from Brexit?
People who have moved to Russia, what do you love and what do you not love?
What's that thing you do almost every day that you have developed your own specific technique for?
What is your most favorite and least favorite pokemon, and why?
What Public Service Announcement (PSA for short, an acronym if you will, to save time) would you like to take this opportunity to make?
What are the contents of the letter you chose not to send to the love of your life?
What Is Something You Believed As A Child That You Now Realize Is Completely Ridiculous?
In what ways do you fight loneliness after graduating college?
How did you find out a loved one was a drug addict? What did you do, and what was their reaction?
Scrolling through an AskReddit post, I love this community so much
Can you please say something heart warming and thoughtful that will make someone's day in the comments?
People who graduated from college, what are some serious advice you have for people who are about to enter college?
What choice was the fork in the road in your life?
People of Reddit, who've lost a loved one. What was your personal method of coping?
Why don’t we make everything free so nobody has to live poor?
Broadway musical lovers, what is the saddest song from a musical that you’ve ever heard?
[Serious]What's something you were excited to eat, only to find yourself and your tastebuds disappointed?
Jealous Friends
What's something you'd love to try in the bedroom?
What's the worst food you've ever tasted?
Reddit, what is love?
What is your Dragon's Den/ Shark Tank idea that you think would do well?
If you were to get married to "something", what would "it" be ?
What is your favourite food?
If you had nowhere to go with no money, no food, no phone, what would you do?
What can you not learn from YouTube?
What's an iconic dish of your country ?
What's a food that you love from a restaurant that you cannot replicate at home?
What's the weirdest food combination you enjoy but everyone else thinks is gross?
What is a non food item that you want to eat?
What’s something you do that annoys your pets?
What is the strangest thing you've seen at an all you can eat buffet?
What's the worst portion of food you have gotten for how much spent?
How's your romantic life going?
What is your countries stand in G20 Summit in Osaka (Japan)?
What comment, if you literally copy-and-paste it into a hundred different threads in different subs, would get you the most karma?
What is something you hate but still love?
What are some equivalents of putting designs on toilet paper or garnish next food?
What was the most memorable board game fight you've experienced and how did it affect future games?
What would you do if your pets transformed to human?
If you love warm weather ( about 95F) where in the US should you live?
What recipes have you tried out and loved the most ?
What is a good and affordable PC for someone who will be in college next year ?
What do you like most about yourself?
What would you like to have that's been banned in your country that's not in other's ?
What is something you like that the rest of Reddit seems to hate?
What is an average penis size in your opinion?
Am definitely human and not a blorg from blorg planet what's your darkest fear?
Were you ever a “the worst case I’ve ever seen” to someone? What was it?
When was the moment you felt bad for the child of an entitled parent?
Adults of Reddit, what’s something that’s “for kids” that you still love?
What food do you love that most people are disgusted by ?
Redditors currently enrolled in college or upcoming college freshmen - how did you find your major, and how did you know it was right for you?
Smart people Reddit: Neighbor poor, have no goat. Need college, get job, earn goat. Neighbor borrow three goat, go college, get job. Job pay two goat, still owe one goat. Neighbor say go America, Elizabeth Warren give goat. What opinion you, Reddit?
Candiru – The fish that can swim up your penis?
What's your most surprising, funny, or strange story of success (can be success in business, love, or anything in life)
You're stuck on a desert island for the rest of your life with a lifetime supply of fresh water and a lifetime supply of one type of food item, what is that food item?
Could there be a connection of eating fast food and getting pinworms, please what is your experience? The
Is incest illegal in the UK?
Chefs and cooks of reddit, have you ever gotten a rude customer criticize your food? If so, how did you react?
American Teenagers of Reddit, you guys are too young to remember 9/11. So, what is the worst day in our nation’s history that you personally remember experiencing?
Who is your favorite pornstar and why (for men and women)
What’s your one in a million story?
What food is exceptional but only when paired with something else?
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have a good hearty ass eating session with and why?
As a slim person who loves to eat but doesn't gain weight, what is the most offensive thing that's been said about you? Either to your face or behind your back.
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of being in love with Anime characters and wanting to start a relationship with them?
How would you feel about working for a boss that cheated the college admissions system for his/her kids?
Redditers what made you love your field of work?
Reddit, what is the most useless product your parents love to buy?
When texting an iPhone user, how likely is it to receive a response shortly after meant for someone else, on accident?
Women of Reddit, what happens to you when you don’t have sex for a while ?
What’s something that only an idiot could do?
What is love?
What was the most expensive, but worst food you’ve ever had?
Progressives of Reddit: When you provide free college to everyone, should that benefit include people who are not intelligent enough to do college coursework? Why or why not?
How much you all love GTA Vice City?
Can anyone explain why it’s easy to balance on a moving bicycle but when it’s stopped you almost always lose balance?
What's your FWB/summer fling story?
Redditors, I knew I would marry my (now) wife the day I met her. Do any of you have your own love at first sight story?
What foods are unpalatable to people without proper prior experience?
What's your favourite/go-to dress?
What's your favorite weird combination of foods that you can't convince anyone to try?
Have you ever met anyone who, instead of the finding love in the typical opposites attract fashion, was instead repelled by someone similar to them?
What's a fun fact you love sharing with people?
Dumb love
Hey kitchen crew/ cooks what is the worst thing you have seen done to a customers food intentional or not?
Anyone ever had a situation at work where you thought "yeah I'm getting paid to handle this kind of thing, but fuck this situation in particular"?
(Serious) What is the scariest moment what you have liven throught in your life?
Twins of Reddit, what is the weirdest telepathic seeming thing that has ever happened between your twin?
Why are some people forgetting about the past (eg: world wars)???
People of reddit, what is your opinion on vegan cat food? (Not a vegan myself)
Landlords of Reddit, what is the worst/weirdest thing a tenant has left behind?
What is your most traumatic story involving food?
you get a skill point every time it's your birthday, what do you spend them on and why?
What's it like being a resident in Vegas? Does the whole city revolve around the strip?
People of reddit, how do you eat your (oreo) McFlurry?
Dog owners, even if you love your dog, what bugs you about them?
Very interesting post imo, lovely to see so many women knowing how things can be hard for us men too!
What are some things a non-needy person can do to help a needy, co-dependent person feel loved?
Other than chocolate, what flavors of filling should Pampers add to their diapers
[Serious] People who are not part of the "norm" - would you choose to be a part of the "norm" if you could choose to do so?
Dog lovers, do you own any dogs. If so, what breed are they?
What parts of my body could I eat if I had to survive as long as possible with no food? How long would I last?
What is something you found out about a loved one after they had passed away that changed your whole perspective on them?
People who have fallen in love but who's feelings weren't reciprocated, what did you do?
You have one minute to spend infinite amounts of money - What would you buy in that time?
If you could change one thing about your job, what would it be?
Why is it considered cool to run a concentration camp for migrant kids in the USA?
What is one thing you hated as a kid but love as an adult?
If you were pregnant and had food poisoning, do you think you would shit your fetus/embryo out by accident?
What's the dirtiest thing you've seen on reddit?
Captain America vs Deadshot who would win?
People with exotic pets. How did you get them/ what is the strangest thing about them?
Did you miss your family much upon entering college? Why or why not?
People of Reddit, what's your "I think I'm in love" story?
What are the best Web Series to watch in 2019?
Men of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
Have you ever initially liked a film but then read comments/reviews hating it and change your opinion to not liking the movie?
What's something completely weird that your S/O does but you still love them anyway?
You are ceo of Reddit for a day, what do you change and why?
What are the best love songs?
What Role/Position/Job you had in a Medieval society if you were born in that time? Why?
What is currently in your clipboard?
Besides chicken, what foods would go well with honey mustard?
What's the best pet for a lonely college student?
Adults who take ADHD medication, do you feel that other aspects of your mental health have improved? Are you happier?
What is your shameful fast-food meal indulgence?
What food/meals did you eat a lot and basically lived off when you were a child?
Fast food / restaurant workers of Reddit, are there any restaurants where you would advise to not eat there? why or why not?
To forgive and forget or Forgive and not forget?
What are surprisingly the most employable college degrees today?
Who's work do you have a love/hate relationship with?
What is your family's favorite childhood story to tell about you?
Is Master Of Puppets (1986) by Metallica the greatest album of all time? Why or why not?
What’s a food you absolutely hated when you were young but you absolutely love now? How did you make that transition?
What are some of the worst movies you wasted your time on?
People who went to college/university, how did you meet new people, make friends and find a significant other?
Who is on your mind right now?
what's your moat treasured memory?
People who lives a loveless and solitude life. Do you feel lonely occasionally?
What kind of book should i read if i loved The Outsider by Stephen King
Real life Wuhu Island (Wii Sports Resort)?
People who work at fast food restaurants. What is the best thing to order and why?
What are your best tips to be a better lover?
What’s the worse response you have gotten after saying “I love you”?
What is the best food that you can cook with confidence?
If you were a food, what would you be?
Gamers of Reddit, you are the new DLC fighter in Smash. What kind of moves would be in your moveset?
You are given 10,000 cans of food and a time machine, you have to give the cans to someone or a group of people somewhere in time and you have to give them all the cans, so no jumping around. Who do you give them to and why?
Americans of Reddit, why do you think that insects aren’t animals? What do you suppose they are? Plants?
For those of you who have faced severe financial hardships, what resources did you take advantage of to ensure your basic needs (food / toiletries) were met?
What songs did you grow up listening to?
What is the most disgusting thing that you’ve seen people do with their pets?
People who work for video game/movie companies, when did you hear about a project and think “Isn’t this a rip-off of _____?” ?
What song would you love to hear covered by your favorite band?
What movie titles can perfectly describe your love life ?
What business decision(s) has a company made that convinced you to quit?
What made you think how did that happen
People who have and keep work out schedules, how do you make one and stick to it?
What would you do if I gave you food for a month?
What restaurants on Hilton Head Island, SC have the best food and drinks and aren’t touristy?
Gamers of Reddit, what video game announced at E3 2019 are you most excited for?
People who had bad encounters with online food delivery, what happened?
Music lovers of Reddit, what artists or bands have you fallen out of love with?
What was the moment when you finally accepted the fact that your ex wouldn't love you anymore?
Why do Americans love to watch rodeo..........if its truly an American sport?
Redditors who have recently lost a close loved one, what is your fondest memory of that person?
Your loved one is being held hostage right in front of your eyes, there is only seconds to react, what do you do?
What is one thing you wish you could've said to a loved one before they passed?
What are some weird food combinations that you love to eat?
Redditors who have lost a loved one to Alzheimer’s or Dementia what was that like and how did you cope with it? [serious]
what are some of your irational fears? Also does anyone know the name because im sure im not the only one with it. Mine is that i fell into a coma a few years ago and that this is all just a coma dream and then if i wake up from the coma i'll remember all of this?
[Serious] What is a solid career path to look into without college training?
People in marching band, why do you love it so much?
What band did you really love but dissapointed when you saw them play live?
This might sound offensive, but Bisexuals of Reddit, are you able to gauge specifically how attracted you are to either sex? Like a 50-50 split or 70 percent to 30 percent?
How to obtain a balance between self love and wanting to better yourself?
Is college worth it? Why or not why not?
What’s something that nobody else finds funny?
If you could do anything without any consequences, what would you do?
Is it rude for a deaf person to talk (sign) with their mouth full of food?
What was the most disgusting food you have ever eaten, and were you expecting it to be that bad, or did it take you by surprise?
Where is a place you would love to go and why?
If your school, college or workplace was a subreddit, what would it be, and why?
Ok Reddit, What is your WORST joke?
I love baking and need new desserts to bake. What’s your favorite dessert?
99 percenters, what do you think about young one percenters (school/college students or youth born in rich families)?
What is the best way to find out if your college roommate is gay? Not that it matters but...
What is the everday life of a gangster? (Serious)?
People of reddit what’s your forbidden love story?
If you change a quote of a food item like fortune cookies or Dove chocolates, what would you say?
What was the best painting ever made?
What's the best way to spend the summer before you go off to college, especially when your friends work all the time?
What is one thing you love about where you live?
How to become emotionally unattached yo someone you love?
will a person get herpies if they rub peanut butter on their pussy and have their dog eat them out while their brother jerks of silently in a corner?
You can have a miniature version of any city/town from anywhere on earth in your home and can see everything happening in real-time, what city/town would you choose?
What is something people in your family love that you personally hate?
Who else is addicted to food?
Waiters / Waitresses of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve overheard while serving customers?
[SERIOUS] What's the most unexplainable thing you have seen while stargazing?
What are the best fast food companies to work for?
Redditors who love to watch mindfuck movies, which one would you recommend for the complete destruction of a mind?
People of Reddit, what's the most obvious bullcrap that friends or family members thought was real?
Why work for money if money can’t buy love or even the things that attract love?
[Serious] Chef's of Reddit, is there a food you don't like/won't eat? If so, how has it impacted your job?
Whats the best fast food Americans?
What's your disaster birthday story?
What was something you saw someone do that made you think, “Wow, they’re in love.”?
AskReddit! Name a food (Can be literally anything that is edible) and I will tell you how it that item is actually a sandwich!
What crossover between games, movies, or books would you love to see?
What is your biggest achievement so far this year and what do you hope to accomplish by the end of the year?
What would you do if you were forced by the government (like Chernobyl) to evacuate your city AND leave your pets behind because they were radioactive?
What's your grossest experience with out of date food?
Hello Reddit! What were the most unusual foods that your parents made for meals when you were a child?
What’s your favorite food from your country?
Does automatically treating a stranger with more patience than you normally would because they're black and a woman make you racist and sexist?
People of reddit, what was something you thought could never happen until it did?
Gonewild sub, where’s the love for guys?
[Serious] How does law school teach you to argue?
Name something that can make me happy and sad at the same time?
When did you realize your teacher wasn’t qualified enough
Who or what do you love/hate the most?
What’s the one food you refuse to stop eating despite the damage it does to your stomach and digestive system?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had with a customer while working at a restaurant or a fast food place?
What is the smoothest move you ever pulled?
What are the best and worst degrees in college to get nowadays?
Where would you love to dip your dick and why?
What is your favourite food/meal?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is an item offered at your place of employment that isn’t on the menu, but someone can order it?
What’s the pettiest reason you’ve ever had for breaking up with someone?
What was the worst limited time food at a fast food restaurant and why?
What is your love story?
What's the most relatable thing you can think of?
What’s something that you regret not doing in college that you think those of us about to attend should experience?
How would you survive if all of your pets, friends and family woke up tomorrow as zombies and tried to attack you? What is your escape plan? What do you do?
College students of Reddit, what's one thing fucked up about college that the public doesn't know?
People of Reddit with loved ones who were victims of cancer, how did you cope with the fear, pain, and sadness?
Who will win the Democratic debate tonight?
What food combination seems like a terrible idea but is actually delicious?
(Serious) Have you ever experienced love at first sight with another person? How did it work out?
What is the best way to break up with someone?
What are some things only bad drivers say?
If you were required to eat only one nationality of food (Thai, German, Mexican, etc.) besides your native one for the rest of your life, which one would you choose? It has to be the traditional cuisine of a country, not culturally appropriated dishes.
What’s an artist or album you can’t stand, and get scoffed at when you mention it?
Foreigners who visited the United States for the first time for Vacation or to be an exchange student, what surprised/ confused you the most about the Country?
What’s a food that’s disgusting on its own but great with something else?
How many books, on average, have you read per year since graduating from high school or college?
Believers/non-believers of a higher power, what makes you so sure you are right?
What food DOESN’T go with Mayonnaise?
Which fast food restaurant mascot would make for the most effective dictator?
What's your explanation for why you shot your phone in "self defense"?
People who love the chase, whats your biggest turn off during the first date?
073 102 032 121 111 117 032 107 110 111 119 032 119 104 097 116 032 116 104 105 115 032 109 101 097 110 115 032 116 121 112 101 032 055 051 054 048 013 010?
What are the best deals for discounted food that nobody seems to know about?
Vad hade ni för svart marknad på eran skola som lärarna försökte stoppa?
Would you wear a perfume you really disliked if your other half loved it?
How to filmmakers pick pets for movies, is there an 'audition' where the dogs/cats are asked to act out scenes?
What's your most extreme thing you have ever done for family members (siblings, pets, cousins, etc.)?
chinese man cooking and eating seafood on a boat channel
Told her about my situationi loved her but she wasn't that open to let me know her stand, we been on and off due to distance betwee us, now am in dilemma if I move on or stay?
What made you decide to drop out of college?
People of Reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
What is your ultimate comfort food?
If you traveled back in time to the year 1000, what is one thing you would bring or create thats from the future and can help people?
What movie or sitcom title best describes your love life?
If Hell's Kitchen aired on Disney channel, what would that be ?
Weird food combos you eat that to anyone would be gross?
What’s an often overlooked but really good menu item that you can find at most American Chinese food places?
Ex - brace wearers of Reddit, what is the first food you had when you had your braces removed?
People who lost loved ones, what are the some of your coping mechanisms?
/u/AutoModerator on What is love?
Fast-food workers of reddit. What is the most crazy thing that has happened in the workplace?
What are some of the best places or ways to meet partners?
If your partner were to lose their memory, do you honestly think your partner will fall in love with you all over again?
What’s that one thing you regret doing or not doing?
Everyone has their own secret recipe or combination of some foods. What's yours?
What is your best love story (if you have one)?
In the western world where food standards are high, why are people still repulsed by seafood?
What's the dumbest thing that you have done while you were half asleep?
Who's a musical artist you absolutely love that you feel enough people haven't heard of?
If you could buy one box of any intangible product (love, happiness, focus, etc), what would you choose and why?
Which food have you lost your faith in?
Which restaurant has the best looking pictures of their food, when in reality their food looks like crap?
Turnitin and Safeassign. Hey guys, I have to submit an essay for college. My college uses Safeassign. I was thinking of submitting a past high school essay. My high school used turnitin. Will safeassign detect the essay that I submitted in high school that was put in turnitin?
How do I break up with my high school girlfriend before moving into college?
What song/album do you have nothing but good memories attached to?
Who is the biggest tattletale you’ve met? What happened?
What is the dumbest/ funniest way you confessed your love to someone? And did it work?
What are the times you've had to pull food out of your or others throat/mouth because they were chokeing
What food could you not live without?
Where have you seen love win over hatred in real life?
People who leave no longer wanted food items randomly around the grocery store, what is your story?
For what reason are you a dipshit?
[SERIOUS] What do you believe is the worst job you can have? (Speak from experience if you have worked it)
Fast food workers, why do you deserve $15 an hour if you wont even do your job correctly at $7?
Winter lovers of Reddit, What do you hate most about summer?
What’s the point of eating spicy food if you pass it out a couple of hours later?
If the all states and territories of America had a food fight, what food would each state throw during the ruckus?
where might i find this song from the dark knight viral campaign (it went "why so serious-serious" and played on a website)?
What is the worst way you’ve seen someone bomb when talking to someone they like?
Fast food employees, what was the craziest experience you encountered during your time at your restaurant?
What do you wanna argue about?
What are you favorite foods or brands from your state or hometown you could like to share?
What's the one thing you love to see when it happens to someone else.
Supernatural chill beings of Reddit, how do you remain calm around bees/wasps/hornets?
What was your worst day of your college years?
What foodstuff do you hate the most? Would you eat it for treasure? (treasure = Reddit Gold)
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite song to listen to when you're lying in bed at night with someone you love?
What is your favorite food from your country?
People who own Leopard Geckos, what frozen food can I give it?
What is one thing you used to love, that you can't stand now?
What is a food sin that you've committed or seen someone commit?
You have the opportunity of safely visiting any part of the universe for a whole earth day. Where would you go?
If you were t be made up of three food ingredients ,what it would be?
It’s my birthday!!! What should I do?
Science has evolved to the point you can now design the perfect person for you, based on what you find attractive both physically and personality wise. What does your person look like, and what kind of personality do they have?
What was that one moment in school that made you realize your teacher is a terrible person?
Is college worth the debt?
Pinoys of Reddit, how do you feel about the results of this year’s elections?
What is the most important thing that happened in your life?
Anyone of Reddit, what makes you get up in the morning?
What's the most intelligent fact do you know?
Americans, do your youngsters love Trump ?
What are the best humanities course in college (finance-wise)?
If every dog has its day what's the story of your dog's day?
What advice can you give to an incoming college student?
What college/life tips do you have for an 18 year old?
What has been the ‘Golden Age’ of your life so far?
What do you love about your parents?
People of Reddit: how did you manage to stop a bully from bullying you? I don't want to use violence because I wouldn't be able to choose course. I also can't change school because it's the best of my state. Thanks in advance
People who have self-hatred towards the race that you were born into, why?
I'm starting college in a few days and I'm super nervous. What are some do's and dont's at college? Would love some general college advice!
what is the weirdest thing your family has done/said to your significant other and/or her family
People of Reddit , should you stop pursuing your crush if she says she's not interested in relationships ?
Should Wetherspoons branch out to the US, or is it a great place that should only be loved by the British?
What videogames do you love to play but can never beat?
Buddy has a bachelor party coming up and I’d love to get his DUI mugshot on a shirt or hat... any ideas (besides asking him) how I can find it? Is there a public database I can search?
What is the best advice for an incoming college freshman?
Which college degree is truly worth it?
Restaurant/hospitality workers of Reddit, what part of your job do you love or hate?
What is your favourite joke to tell?
What’s your top 3 movie license/tie-in games?
Do restaurants serve alcohol before meals to make you hungrier and thus more likely to order more food? Why are they allowed to get away with this predatory practice?
People working on the weekend. What are you doing for living?
Seafood lovers, how can I get into seafood?
What are some of the best documentaries that you've watched in college classes?
How to save money? What are your tricks ?
What is the restaurant that you drive by that will make you park and get food?
smell back I am falling will you help me chasing the star?
If you were in a food fight, what would be your weapon of choice?
What is a game you love but others hate ?
What happens if you pick up your food before the 5 seconds are over, but immediately drop it again?
McDonald’s workers of reddit, what are the best/worst things about working at McDonald’s?
What’s the weirdest way you’ve seen people eat food?
What reading would you recommend for someone trying to pass the time at work without feeling too guilty about not really working?
What are some singers/musicians that you really hate but love their music?
Horror movie lovers of reddit, what's your all time favourite horror movie? Did it scare you at any point?
do you love your country ?
Why are foods with less ingredients cost more than other “unhealthy” foods with more ingredients?
What is Something That Would be Weird to Search on a Porn Site, But Not Weird to Search on Google?
What are some condiments/toppings that just DON’T belong on certain foods?
Which Game you love most GTA 5 VS Road Rash?
What do you think, is the reason for cats to love Cartons and other cardboard boxes so much?
Non-Americans of reddit, how do you find food in your daily life?
From a non-partisan stance, what has President Trump done that has left a positive impact?
Best way to get over an ex? Just wanna see the options
If you could go back in time to steal someones successful idea, which idea would you take?
What's something you love about Gen Z culture?
Does your body needs less food if you don't have legs?
What was the dumbest thing you saw somebody do wich turned out to be a smart move ?
What food were you forced to eat as a kid and will not touch as an adult?
Why isn't food packaging with multiple servings resealable?
If you were 20 with mostly friends who were 17-18, would you feel insecure or weird?
/u/SavingGas's accidental haiku
The last movie you watched is now your life, what is it?
Which moment made you realise that you’ve lesser time to spend with your loved ones with every passing second?
music lovers of reddit: what is one album that you never skip songs in?
What is a gift a modern child would really appreciate and love?
People who abused there significant others whats your story?
[Serious] Redditors who have lost a loved one to a terminal illness, how did you preserve your memories together?
What is one song that was popular for a limited amount of time, then completely forgotten about?
[Serious] What is something that is understood by your friends and/or family in the event of your untimely death?
Which TV Show/Movie based on books that makes you go 'book is better', and why?
What has been your worst fast food experience?
What subreddit crossover would you love to see?
Children of single parents, what's something single parents should know for raising kids alone?
Mankind erradicated itself in WW3. A supreme being is taking applications to send a savior back in time. It wants to know what powers you'd need and what your strategy would be
Tell me about your home town icons (local characters that everyone knows and loves)
Why are so many Barbies in the fashionista line so cheap and tacky looking compared to the Barbies of the previous decades?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what’s a variation of a brand of food/drink that’s only in your country?
If you could travel back in time and make your highschool fall in love with you, would you do it? Why or why not?
What food is almost a guaranteed upset stomach for you , but for some reason you keep going back ?
What are your strangest experiences that made you truly question reality for a few moments? (or longer)
Can I ask Reddit to dedicate a few minutes to listen to this song, love it or hate, one listen is all I’m asking. Many thanks.
College students of Reddit, what’s a good word of advice, or any suggestions to prepare people for college?
Why should men approach women anymore if they can get changed with harassment?
You now have to ability to insert one “fuck” into one moment of any movie or tv episode of your choosing. What do you pick?
What’s the most annoying thing you can do while ordering food?
The cure to every type of cancer is stuck inside your ass and can now only be given to others if they each slurp it out for 1 minute straight. How do you feel about this and what is your plan of action?
people of reddit. what was your weirdest food crave?
What is an inside joke that you're a part of?
What's the wierdest food combo that's worth trying?
Who’s an actor/actress so good at acting, you forgot they started out as a singer?
When/at what moment did you realize your long-term S/O wasn’t The One?
[Serious] People who never went to college, what's life like?
If you could own one outfit from any movie, videogame, tv show, etc. what would it be?
Pet owners of UNUSUAL pets, what pet do you have? And what's one of the cutest things it does?
What's the worst sound to hear in a fast food restaurant?
What is love?
I am looking for fellow travellers who might have travelled on Olympic Buses that ran from London to Athens in the 1990s? Does anyone remember this company? I am making a film about a journey I took on them back in the 90s and would love to hear from others who travelled with them too ?
Whats the worst food poisoning you've ever gotten?
To all the people who used to be “that kid” in school, how did you turn out?
Men of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
What are some songs you love but would never play in front of your friends?
Redditors name a food you absolutely won't EAT and give your reasons why?
What is the most unlikely combination of different foods that actually works?
People of Reddit who were apart of a sorority house, what is the most fucked up, shocking, and the weridest thing you've ever seen?
What restaurant’s food is the 5/10 for that particular food (Pizza, burrito, hamburger, fries, chicken tender, etc)?
Is it possible to love two people equally at the same time?
Can one find a solace, and comfort even in person they aren't in love with?
What caused you existential breakdown? How long did it last?
What is the worst first date food?
Where did your user name come from?
Are there any foods or restaurants that are very popular that you have never had? Mine is lasagna!!
If pets are to make you happy why do people judge me for fucking my cat?
What's a TV show you loved as a kid and still love as an adult?
Male escorts turned decent husbands, what were your love story that made you flip your career as a male prostitute 💸💰
What’s a 90’s British food, you wish they’d bring back?
Short people of reddit, why do you love or hate being short?
What is some fun stuff you guys like to do while being sick/food poisoned?
I’m a 36 y.o. male looking at going back to college. What scholarships and government assistance is available for someone my age?
Have you ever had to leave Reddit, for whatever reason but came back? What happened? [Serious]
Perfect opportunity...
What do you do when you fall in love with someone (mutually) who is moving away?
What are some common misconceptions about college (and careers after college) that need to be cleared up?
[Serious] People who go on Omegle, just sit on a tag and don't talk no matter what anyone says, what's in it for you? Like seriously, why sit and look at a blank screen?
What did it feel like when you fell in love?
If you could solve/explain one mystery of science, which one would you choose?
In your opinion is it better to be hated for who you are or loved for who you aren't... and why?
What is your least favorite part of a movie/series that you love?
Any contributions for this AskReddit thread from the subcontinent? My contribution: "jhoota/jhootan" (for food), can't translate it easily to English easily
After true crime starts to get stale, what will be the new mass loved fad topic?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what is/was your biggest pet peeve working in the industry?
Park Rangers, campers, hikers, outdoors men of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing you've experienced while out in the woods?
I have a feeling I'm never going get a gf i dont really have any friends im 19 im smart lol im interning for a really cool place. Im not in college im not sure how to connect to more ppl I feel like after this program idk where im going meet anyone at anyone have this same problem :/ feel like im a
What would evolution have resulted in if the dinosaurs didn’t become extinct?
What are some widely beloved books that you simply hate?
What's a food item you wish you could eat more often (or wished you knew how to make) because it was so yummy!?
What consumer product has made your life easier?
What food surprised you when you had the “real thing”?
Do you love to go awandering beneath the clear blue sky?
Fast food employees what’s the most annoying situation that has happened to you??
People who had been lied to about something for a very long time, what was the lie and how did it feel when you found out the truth?
A woman just dumped kittens at gas station
If you were a chef in a restaurant, would you pick food out of a customer plate or not?
Dear Reddit, what advice would you tell your college freshman self?
What do you love, but none of your friends or family does?
The next thing you grab will be permanently attached to that hand, what do you grand and which hand do you use? (No gloves allowed)
If you could get away with one thing without repercussions, what would it be?
What is a trivial semantic error that people love to correct to feel smart?
Youngest siblings of reddit, what are the struggles the older ones will never understand?
Why do you love your job?
If you could change any two things about the American political system today, what would change?
What food are you craving right now?
[Serious] What food makes you really consider how our species found out it was edible?
Glasses wearers of Reddit, what’s the most annoying thing you deal with because of your glasses?
Actors who play character with love interests, do you ever feel yourself falling in love with the other actor as a result?
For a college student, what are some good decorations for a living room (that aren’t flags)?
What are some of the risks you've taken which changed the very course of your life?How do you feel about it now?
What majorly popular thing do you dislike?
Is it better to find out an ugly truth or keep believing a beautiful lie?
What is the most important thing you learned in college?
Older people of Reddit, what financial advice do you recommend to college kids?
What’s something legal you love doing when no one is looking?
What is one food that no one liked sometime ago but everyone loves now?
Why do overly sweet foods tickle the tongue?
What is the weirdest thing that happened in your college/university freshman year dorm?
Barry Whites of Reddit, why can't you get enough of our love?
People who went to bootcamp, what was it like and what should you expect?
As an American most people love foreign accents. What does your country think of the American Accent?
What is something trivial you’ve done recently that you feel deserves a medal?
What are some weird fast food combination that actually tased good?
People of Reddit that wear fingerless gloves or toeless socks, what is your reasoning?
What food are you craving right at this moment?
What is your favorite combination of condiments or sauces that we should try? And with what food?
[Serious] Academic Geniuses, Humans have not evolved to study so... How do you do to sit down, focus and learn? Is there any scientifically proven hack?
How do you describe reddit to a "worried" parent?
Has the quality of love gone down recently, why or why not?
Do people truly get over their first love?
Oregonians: What do you love about and in Oregon? What don't you love about it?
Who has the strongest dad?
Can i please have pictures of your pets/animals/best friends/BFFS
If you could change a quote of a food item like fortune cookies or Dove chocolates, what would you change it to?
How would you all define “love”?
Senior Citizens of Reddit. What piñata would you like at your next birthday party?
What "traditional" food isn't worth the hype?
37 [m4f] I love my wife and all, I really do... but why do I want to fuck around on her so badly?!
What character trait can you simultaneously love and hate in a person? And why?
What's frustrating you right now?
Couples of Reddit, is it possible to make someone fall out of love?
What’s your favorite go to food at 2am?
Thinking about our fathers today, what food do you associate with your father?
Do most pornstars have STD's?
What food has the best “mouthfeel”?
Ex-addicts of Reddit, what made it so you were able to quit that thing you were addicted to (drugs, alcohol, smoking, pornography, etc.)
Whats a question thats formed as a yes or no question but can’t be answered yes or no if something is true Or more needs to be said?
What the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done that you refuse to tell anyone?
Atheists and religious people of Reddit, what do you admire or what have always wondered about the other group?
Who would be the equivalent of your county electing someone like Donald Trump?
What food gets better by adding hot sauce?
What beloved movies that most think are great do you not like, or at least not anywhere near the level most do?
What's a good way to help someone see they're not compatible with their SO without being TA?
what was your first love like?
What’s the craziest story you have from a field trip in grade school?
What's the weirdest food you can eat hummus with?
what is your favourite food at breakfast?
What’s a simple act that makes you hurt, and can feel it physically?
Baby animals that look like small versions of their adult form?
Drive thru workers of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you have ever seen during your shift?
Why do you love music?
What is the worst thing ever said to you by someone you love?
The world's in chaos. All the economies have collapsed and money is all but useless now. You'll now have to use your skills, your best traits, create trade or just be a cold hearted killer or pilager just like people did hundreds of years ago. What are you good at, how do you survive and what's your
What is your favourite song of all time and what meaning does it have to you?
What was the easiest assignment you ever handed in for school?
What is the most shameful thing you've been caught doing?
Why do people love keanu reeves so much?
People on Reddit, have you ever experienced being far away from a loved one, and when the time finally comes to be next to each other again, it just doesnt feel the same as before?
Everyone always says it’s the little things that count, what’s your favorite small act of kindness/love that you’ve experienced?
Men of Reddit, have you ever experienced something at work that would make you feel uncomfortable mentoring, working one-on-one or socializing with a woman colleague? if so, what was it?
What is your definition of a “first love”?
People of reddit how old where you when you had your first kiss and how did it happen
Morticians of Reddit, what made you get into such an interesting line of work? Do you enjoy it? What do other people say when you tell them what you do?
What’s your go to way to make someone’s day even just a little bit more pleasant?
What is a person that left an emotional impact on you, but you don't know where they are now? (Online or in person)
Extreme nausea and food poisoning 6 days ago. Still having weird vowel movements. Anyone with a similar experience (what was wrong and how did you fix it)?
What common food items have the worst/scariest/deadliest effects in overdose?
HVAC techs or Maintenance workers... what’s the worst thing you’ve seen in a home/apartment that you had to service?
What common or weird misconceptions do people have about your culture?
What made up song do you sing to your pets?
How would you let go of an overly-attached, emotional person, in a non-hurtful way?
Guys I need your help...
High school or college dropouts: at what point did you decide to drop out and why?
Fellow fast food/retail workers of Reddit what's the most unusual, entitled, disgusting, etc. customer you've had? What was your reaction?
When did you know you were in love?
What is an example of a human estate, business, organization, collective, state, or government that is not ultimately ruled through coercion?
/u/AutoModerator on Alien Space Craft Questions. Do you think they have the same issues we have on Earth buying cars (buying new or pre-owned, recalls, brand loyalty, brand rivalries).
Would you eat your favorite food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day for a month for a million dollars?
Who's your favorite reality TV star?
What’s the grossest thing you’ve ever found in your food?
What/who do you have a love-hate relationship with?
What made the 'weird teacher' at school weird?
What is the dumbest thing you fought over with a family member?
What do you do to your pets on their birthday?
Would u rather die eating the most wonderful meal you’ve ever tasted or making love to the most beautiful woman you’ve ever been with ?
Employees of Reddit, should showing emotions in the workplace be normalised, or something to be ashamed of? Why?
What are some deep questions about food that are cause for debate? Ie: Is lasagna a casserole and are hot dogs sandwiches?
What are some items you would love to have in real life from cartoons that you've watched as a child?
How much did you make at your first job out of college vs right now?
Who's the most famous person globally that most Americans haven't heard of?
What's a food you love but used to hate?
People who played/ were teammates with pro athletes before they turned pro (be it high school, college etc) how good were they compared to the rest of the players? Did they practice all the time or were they just insanely talented?
People who have worked at multiple fast food restaurants, what restaurant do you recommend never going to?
What is funniest Reddit post, thread or comment you read for a while?
Why do people chew their fingernails but when I put some in their food they are like eww wtf is wrong with u?
Parking enforcement of Reddit! What are some ticks to get free parking and/or get out of a parking ticket?
What did you learn with reddit ?
To The Gym-Acholics Of Reddit. What Advice Would You Give To Beginners?
Redditors who didn't return home at all after college graduation: where do you go?
College Grads; Is the stress and frustration of college worth it?
Whats a chain restaurant thats actually still got good food?
You join a food war and the winner gets a millon dollars. You get unlimited ammo of what food you bring. What do you bring to the food war?
What's the weirdest/most alarming thing a loved one has ever said to you?
If awards gave you money, how much money you would've made from them? Silver=$1000, Gold=$5000 &amp; Platinum=$20000?
[SERIOUS] making an essay about what age should people be allowed to date. any creative title ideas?
Waiters / waitresses of Reddit: Do you purposely ask people how the food is while they have their mouths full?
[Serious] What’s the creepiest/most paranormal thing that’s ever happened to you?
What made you realise 'yes, I'm in love with this person'?
[Serious] Reddit, did you ever get over your first love?
What are some of your best food combinations?
Short Order Cooks: Whats the food/meal that seems unassuming but is awful to have to make?
What is the most drastic action you’ve taken while drunk?
Hey Reddit, what's the worst concert or show by a well known act you've ever been to and why?
How do you cope with the loss of a loved one?
Classical music enthusiasts of Reddit, what "song" or artist should a beginner start with?
What standard recommendation from your profession is not true or needed?
This is a question to all the comic book lovers how do you afford all those comics?
Pet owners of reddit, How far would y’all go for your pets?
Police of reddit, how do you cope with a large percentage of the population hating you just because of what you do?
How do you know your pet loves you/what is something your pet does that shows they love you?
What seemingly insignificant decision had a massive impact on history?
What's your favorite food?
You can only eat food from a national chain restaurant of your choice for the rest of your life. What restaurant do you choose?
What breakfast food is the best breakfast food?
Which celebrity would be your ideal step mom?
How long do you need to live with your husband before he knows where the dog food is stored?
Why do you seriously love ASMR?
Children whose parents were unfaithful, but parents nerver divorced and stayed together to provide a stable home life with food on the table, clean clothes etc...how did it affect you? did you know it was happening- at what age did you realise? did it matter to you?
Girls, what are some sweet, caring things guys do ?
Ex-hardcore gamers of reddit, what is the reason you stopped playing video games or played it less, and how has it affected you?
Which is that one ad that annoys you the most but never misses your sight?
If you were a vampire would you run around screaming you're a vampire? why or why not? and how much money can you send me on pp?
Say you have exactly $0 of money to your name for the next week, What/ where do you do/go to get food or a free meal?
what’s a food that you’ve always wanted to try?
What does love feel like?
When was the moment you realised you were in love?
Reddit once loved Bill Murray, Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Watson, and Gary Oldman; but now it's Keanu's turn -- but, Reddit, they all fade away, so who is next to be The One?
One subreddit will protect you, all the others will try to kill you, which subreddit would you pick and why?
If you could have the singing voice of one artist who would it be?
What is the Domino's pizza of a different foodstuff?
How much should I be paying to live at home with my mum?
A 3 meter tall humanoid is 4.5 meters in front of you and then all of a sudden it's 4.5 meters behind you without your eyes perceiving its movements. How quick is that?
What was the biggest scandal in your school or college?
Cops of Reddit, what's the funniest thing someone has said to you after pulling them over.
People who didn't marry for love - what did you marry for, why, and did it work out?
Redditors who have overcome drug addictions, what actions by your loved ones helped the most in avoiding a relapse?
Ladies, has that time of the month began when you’ve arrived to a party island like Aiya Napa?
Where would you love to travel to right now and why?
Hello redditors i have a one question, recently i created a test community and i am the only member there, but why reddit shows that in my community there is 3 - 5 people online? Should i be worried?
What do you consider to be your biggest win in life so far?
What's the strangest threat you've ever received?
People of Reddit, if you only had to eat 1 food (water comes with it) for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What is something underrated that you tried and loved?
To all of the Reddit Students, what was the weirdest thing that happened at your school? Elementary, highschool, or college
Now that sex has lost value, besides religious places where can a hopeless romantic person find love?
Is there a way to smoke weed with an e-cig (not with a vaporizer)? If yes, how?
What character do you hate that everyone loves?
I want to start learning how to do programming , so i was wondering with what programming language should i start? Few of my friends suggested Java or Python ? Any suggestions &gt;?
What’s the weirdest food combo you’ve eaten while drunk?
Available options after a major in physics?
[Serious] Aliens and Paranormal people of Reddit, help an old Material Naturalistic scientist out? Give me an experience tonight that falsifies my world view, I love being wrong, bring it on!?
What's the hardest you've ever worked for something?
Some cute texting from your lover?
If you had a choice to push a button to become immortal but everyone you know and loved until now died instantly, would you do it?
People of reddit who love your jobs, what do you do? Also, what's the journey to get here?
What are some things done in movies to avoid clichés, but end up becoming even bigger clichés?
Why does society look down on drug users but only if they get it from dealers instead of doctors?
What are your SPECIAL stats, max 10?
What moments made you question your sanity?
If you where forced to eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?
What's the best food in your country in your opinion?
What is the best, cheapest food of all time?
Once fusion technology is mastered, will AI finally have the tools to take over?
Hey Reddit you know the saying "if you can't pay for your food then you wash the dishes" how true is this? If this has happened to you before what went down?
What did you do to make a decent living without a college degree ?
Tell me about the dumbest and most unnecessary thing you did for a crush/SO bc i know love makes us stupid
When a guy says that him and his friend are 'looking out for you', does that count as flirting/showing interest? Or would it be common for a guy to say this in a platonic way as well?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest order you’ve ever gotten?
[SERIOUS] When was a time you were mistaken for someone else, and it got you hurt?
What’s something you figured out the HARD way? [Serious]
Conspirators of Reddit, what makes you distrust the government the most?
Mechanics and detailers of Reddit what is the worst/grossest thing you have seen in a customers vehicle.
Anime lovers: what’s the best place to watch anime?
What something and you know you need to fix in your life, but are too lazy to fix?
People of Reddit, what do you love about your best friend?
Which comedian, professional sports star, TV series / reality show personality or musician comes across as a self-righteous celebrity with a sprinkle of hypocrisy?
Do you think the human race will ever get tired of the internet?
What is the best food to try when visiting New Zealand
What is your “average” rating you get from people based on your looks?
Movie lovers of Reddit, what movie made you say "Why have I not heard of this movie before?"
What is your favorite WEIRD food combination.
What do you do to stop procrastinating
What did you eat when you have a hangover?
Omegle users of reddit, what is the longest/most interesting convo you’ve had with someone, and what was it about?
What is the weirdest food you ever seen?
Travellers of Reddit, what's your favourite food from another country?
The last thing you ate is now your pets name. How do you make it sound adorable and pet-like?
Tattoo Artists of reddit, what was your most ridiculous request?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is the most amusing thing one of your clients did that got him/her arrested in the first place?
Garbage collectors of reddit: what is the craziest thing you’ve seen in someone’s trash?
What's the best food you've only eaten once?
What is the first “big boy” purchase you made as an adult out of college?
Why do Chinese like to make fake funny videos?
What's one thing you love to do, but aren't very good at?
What's the worst health code violation you've seen at a place that serves food/drinks?
Redditors with a refined palate, how difficult/expensive is it to eat food that is satisfying to you?
What to do this 4th of July?
What is something you have repeatedly considered revealing to family, friends, or loved ones, but still haven't shared?
What do you wish you had known before attending college?
Ever fallen in love in a dream?
What’s the weirdest food requests you’ve ever had said to you bye family/friends?
What celebrity did you love as a kid that you still love now?
What is the best lollipop you've tried?
What is the best prank you’ve ever pulled?
Millionaires/Billionaires of Reddit, what do/did you do to earn your fortune?
What person do you loathe the most, but love the most at the same time?
Ex-misogynists and ex-incels of Reddit, what made you change your mind?
what’s a weird food combination that actually tastes really good to you?
What film line do you find yourself quoting in everyday life?
How do you explain to a religious person that the love and good nature they have is real but idolizing a figurehead and following a church and believing things blindly is coming from a controlling source?
Have you ever known in your heart, your departed loved ones gave you a sign they are with you?
Pet owners of reddit do you love your pet?
What would you do if someone walked past you with a pitbull?
Is it easier to love or to hate?
Has anyone experienced the feeling where you lose focus and everything appears small and far away?
University/college students of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've encountered in the communal bathrooms/showers of your student accomodation?
How have you felt when your older brother/sister left home for college?
How would you describe your voice?
What do you like to sneak into conversations(Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando were lovers)?
People of reddit, what food would you fuck? Why?
QA me
What’s the difference between self-love, egotism, and narcissism?
What’s something you need to vent about right now?
What is your pet's name and why do you love them?
what’s a subreddit you once loved, but had to leave because of how toxic it became?
What is the song that you love to listen on repeat ?
Redditors, who survived college, how did you manage to survive?
What is the best place to get food in your home state?
What was the first thing you loved? How big of an impact on your life did it have?
What is your tips and tricks to save money?
How did the whole anti-vax movement start? Shouldn't something like that be required? How are you able to say no thanks I'd rather not and still be able to leave with your kid without one?
test?
What’s something someone told you that helped you out of a tough time in your life?
Current or former food workers of Reddit, how has your job affected your dietary habits?
You have the opportunity to meet with a recently deceased loved one, you have to share one memory, regret, and one secret about yourself, what do you tell them?
Who here is paying the way of a child who thinks the are a super interesting creative doing work they love and why do you do it?
What is the most painful thing someone you love has done to you?
What's your "I know it's weird, but I like it" food combo of choice?
People that have rescue pets, what's the biggest difference from when you rescued them to now?
What’s a food or beverage you loved as kid that you don’t feel the same about now?
Help with anxiety and depression? Tried multiple meds and nothings worked...
(Serious) What are the Pros &amp; Cons of driving a vehicle while extremely drunk?
What menacing tree intimidates you regularly?
What’s a food or beverage you loved as kid that you don’t feel the same about now?
Children of parents who fought paternity on TV shows like Maury, how has that affected your life?
Do you sometimes feel the urge to scream your lungs out, and why?
Athletes of Reddit, have you ever seen or noticed something while competing that distracted you bad that it actually worsened your performance?
Those of you with unconventional hours, what job do you have and could you ever see yourself working an 8-5 again (if you ever did)?
Does anyone know the name of these cheap short hard noodle pasta tube looking food that you deep fry in oil and they cook into puffs?
Whats a TV show or Movie that people who haven't watched would consider immature or stupid but those who have love?
Why is love the most powerful force in the world?
What food/drink can you not stand, because at one time you puked from it?
Reddit seems to love bank robbing, how would you pull of a heist and get away with it?
Peopke of reddit with herpes, if a loved one who cheated on you gave u herpes and left you for the person who gave it to them. What do u do after?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What are awful synonyms?
Can an employer revoke a already accepted time off request?
What popular food is not as good as everyone says it is?
I fell in love with my teacher, what do I do to stop feeling this for him?
what’s the most exotic food you’ve eaten?
HP's Sorting Hat
What is your guilty pleasure?
If someone suddenly dies and no one claims their pets, would any law protect those lives?
What's a prank that went WAY to far?
What is the most beautiful piece of writing you've ever come across?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what are some inside secrets that the rest of us aren't supposed to know about?
[SERIOUS] Redditors who stayed in a relationship after an affair, did things work out? How did things change? Do you regret it?
Legal age for porn actresses changes to 21, do how do you pretend to fund college now?
I'm tired of having no money, living with parents in my 30. I have a masters degree, i know a bit of programming, a bit of graphic design, am a multipotentialite, but what can i hate working when they pay an entry level programmer less than 100$ per month. What can i do?
What is the most emotion-evoking piece of acting you’ve ever seen?
Where on reddit can someone go to point out general errors, misspellings, unnecessary, &amp; contradictions in the rules of subreddits?
People who just graduated high school, what was your funniest story from during your time at HS?
Foodies of Reddit! Which one food item can you eat non-stop for 24 hours?
What is some amazing food that only exists in your country?
Your current industry has been replaced by robots. What new career path do you start on?
What are your thoughts on love? Does it always have to end in tragedy?
The taste of your sexual discharge is now relative to the country you live in. What does your cum taste like?
What is a food that always sounds good until you start eating it?
A Genie shall grant you 3 wishes. It's the same set of rules as the meme: No death, no love, and no bringing dead people back. What do you wish for?
What's the dumbest thing you've done while on auto pilot?
What talent do you have, but really hate?
what would be your reaction if he was in love with rock and roll?
What foods should never be combined/ served together?
What is a show, film, song, etc. that is so good, you've been waiting for an opportunity like this in order to tell everyone how much you love it?
What do you do to counter the astroturfing of Reddit and other techniques of mass manipulation?
What is the strangest inside joke you have ever taken part in?
Best trainers under £45
What film you saw during your childhood has greatly contributed to your current view of love?
How would you pay tribute to your loved one? True love is not only seen in fairytales and movies read the most touching story of love and loss! https://mycitylife.ca/people/special-feature/joseph-melissa-magnotta/
If someone wanted to investigate a co-worker for abusing FMLA, instead of hiring a P.I., can that someone be subjected to harrasement?
Vegans of reddit: Do you force your pets to have the same diet as yours?
Violinists of Reddit, how long have you played and what do you love/hate about playing?
How and when did your SO tell you they loved you?
Would you confess love you your childhood crush?
Redditors who are or have been in a relationship - what weird habits or rituals do you share with your partner that you would usually not share, because outsiders would not get it?
LQBTQ+ Christians of reddit, what has been your experiences with inclusion, love and acceptance in the Christian community?
People who were the victim of a hate crime, what happened?
What is the strangest dream that you've ever had?
What’s an inside joke you have with your friends, family, or SO?
Potheads, Stoners, etc. of Reddit, what are some tips and tricks you've learned since you started smoking?
Prison officers of Reddit, what do you most enjoy about your job and what country are you from?
[Serious] What is one life lesson you learned from the show SpongeBob that made you really think?
What significant event in life changed you for the better or worse?
Reddit, Have you ever done something you regretted whilst in hospital?
Drivers who intentionally make their cars louder (removing dampeners/mufflers), why?
I’m not suicidal but I kind of am. I’m sitting on my kitchen floor. I feel nothing. I don’t feel sad. I don’t feel angry. I don’t know how I feel. I have a baby daughter, she is one on the 23rd. I kinda feel she would be better off without me but at the same time I know she loves me. This is weird
When you order food does bigger portions make you happy? Why or why not?
Nightmares are actually better than beautifull dreams because when you wake up from a nightmare everything is ok but when you wake up from a beautifull dream , life is disappointing. Why?
Why did you stay in tonight ?
How do you know that you falling in love with someone? And what do you do for understand this if you don't completely know?
What is a sexual fetish you would love to explore, but probably won't get to?
What can you do at 14 if you stole an autistic kid's phone and your stepmom came up to your school and started hitting you with a hairbrush and nobody stopped it?
Keto 6 Plus Shark Tank Reviews?
College students/alumni, what actually helped you get through college?
Trump is the most hated person in America right now, but who is the most loved?
What TV show or movie did you love as a kid but didn’t live up to the hype when you watched it as an adult?
What's the most cringe way you tried to empress a girl?
Anyone who has left an abusive relationship- how did you find the strength to ignore the love you still have for the other person and do what you know you have to do?
For those with pets, where’s the worse place a pet decided to make a personal bathroom?
What's the best place to buy fast food tacos and why?
People who work on food delivery, do you have any funny/weird stories to share?
Is it unmanly to tear up a little when your older sister pecks you on the cheek and says “I-love-you”, and why?
If you could time travel to any year, what year would it be?
Do you (or someone you know) have a weird diagnosis? What were the symptoms, how long did it take to get a diagnosis, what's the disease and is there a treatment?
What if your loved ones turned into zombies, are you willing to kill them?
What's an important skill to learn at an early age?
People experienced with Parkinsons Disease: What should someone caring for a loved one expect?
What TV dad do you think is the best and why?
What food item gets finish in your house within a day?
Do you hold the door for the person behind you when entering a fast food or 'line up' establishment?
People who work at customer service/waiters, what are your best/worst client complaints? What’s your best story?
Redditors, What surprised you when moving to another country?
(US) What do you hate and what do you love about which state you're in?
Kids of reddit. What was your least favorite food at school but was delicios at home?
Why hasn't someone figured out how to deactivate a volcano?
What are some tricks, tips and info about using reddit that most redditors don't know about?
Will there ever be another gold rush, like in 1849 California? Why not?
What is a food that reminds you of childhood?
What made you belive in love again?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing to happen to you or a loved one?
What’s your craziest college memory?
Why women's boobies are censored and men's ones aren't, even if they aren't genital organs?
Highschoolers, what is one thing about the current education system you'd change and why?
Film lovers of Reddit what is the worst film you have ever watched?
Would you give your life to save the one you love or to save billions of other people?(serious)
Redditors who have been rejected by your dream college, how did you get over it and how is your life now?
guys of reddit , how if feels like to fall in love with a slut?
I need help with a college refund. Okay, so I may or may not have missed the drop deadline for my college summer classes by ONE DAY. I need help with proving I had a serious illness, or a family member was seriously ill or died. How do I do this?
Bad news breakers of Reddit, what was the weirdest / most extreme reaction you got from telling somebody their loved one passed away?
Which food from a fast food chain tasted better to you when you were a child?
Mom is going to love father, but now what can father do?
Does anyone make food handling gloves for people with only 3 fingers?
Parents of Reddit, has your kid told you about a past life? If so, what's their story?
What's the best food plus dip combination?
People of Reddit, what's a hobby you picked up late in your life, but wish you'd picked up earlier and why?
when was the time you felt most loved?
[SERIOUS] People of Reddit, what do you define as the purpose to life?
Why do Negros love KFC so much? (Serious)
What screams "I'm a game freak"?
What's the __________ thing you've ever found in your food?
What to do about abusive stepfather?
What service, product, or media outlet do you love, but you refuse to spend money on the premium version of?
To every not native german speaker: do you think the german language is hard to learn and if yes, why exactly is it hard?
Aside from McDonald's food, what is McDonald's Sweet and Sour sauce good on?
What, if any, adverse reaction have you developed to eating foods containing wheat flour produced in the United States, and when did the issues begin?
What is your frozen meal comfort food?
What is one non-sexual act that your s/o does to make you feel loved?
What is the worst thing you've had to endure while studying for school/college exams?
What song didn’t/doesn’t get the recognition that it deserves?
What is the oddest food combo you have mistakenly discovered?
Petlovers of reddit what was the most tragic moment you've had with an animal?
What's the strangest or creepiest websites that you know of?
Find your rapper name by putting young in front of the thing you love the most. What is your rapper name?
People of reddit: if you were to die, what would you want your loved ones to do in your honor?
Which foreign song do you love that you have no idea what the lyrics mean?
If you had the stand Heaven’s Door (JoJo fans will get it, read the description of you don’t watch the show), what would you do?
What’s something you love to do that’s disgusting or embarrassing that you desperately hide from friends and family?
Is it normal to change career paths and try to figure out what you're doing in your 20s, especially after you graduated college?
What's something that people think is polite, but you hate?
You have to sell your SO to spend a night with another man/woman, if you refuse, they die. What is your price?
What is the greatest plot twist to ever exist ( Video games included)?
What is the definition of love for you?
What is your favourite ice-cream flavour?
What's a foreign food that you love but others hate. (I like sushi if you were wondering)
Fast Food workers current and previous, what are your worst stories of customers scamming for free food?
If you were making a blockbuster movie, what slowed down song would you have in the trailer?
[Urgent] How to I confirm I got my food on postmates as a customer
What is your favorite thing to do while you’re alone?
What is your slang/codeword that nobody else understands and what does it mean?
People, who smoked marijuana, what did you feel? How smoking affects the perception of the world and everything around you?
Why doesn't Vanessa love me?
What fast food meal lives up to your expectations every time?
What advice has had the biggest impact in your life?
2000s vs 2010s music
Music listeners of Reddit, what demo version of a song is better the full released version?
Does anyone know that movie about some college girl having her photoshop teacher frame her of taking porno pics?
What is the best non-traditional combination of foods?
Why can't you stand that film everyone else seems to love?
[serious] What was the final incident that made you walk away from a loved one who is an addict?
What food is better the next day?
What job should i go into after finishing college as a computer programmer?
People that have been stalked or are being stalked (seriously stalked), what’s it like?
If you don't drink coffee, what's your go-to energy drink?
What’s the best way to get revenge on someone for friendzoning you?
Chefs of Reddit, what is a food that you hate eating or cooking?
Most realistic detective movie
Redditors who dislike or skip breakfast, why? Those who love it, what's your ideal meal?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve done while high?
What was your "this looks like a job for me" moment?
What's one thing you know that has the potential to be catastrophic, for people, the world, or yourself?
So, how was work? What are your plans for the rest of the day/evening?
If you could redo one thing in your life, what might it be?
DMV test administrators of reddit. What's the craziest thing that's happened to you while giving a driving test?
How long into dating did you tell your partner that you love them?
Does anyone know how to install Super Crazy Wars by Trinity Interactive Limited through a third party website or app? I loved this game and I would love to play it again because unfortunatly, the app isn't up do date with the current IOS updates?
What's the one thing you must do in read dead redemption 2?
[Serious] What's the creepiest glitch in the matrix you've ever experienced?
Developers of Reddit, What do you love most about programming?
Couldn't the cost of college tuition be dropped significantly if colleges stopped paying thousands and thousands of dollars every year for guest speakers?
Weebs of reddit,which anime opening song pumps you up?
What song has the best climax?
What are some new food trends that are about to blow up?
What remarkably bad afternoon plan did you have as a child?
Who was the greatest leader: Alexander the Great, Hannibal, or Genghis Khan?
Who is the Michael Jordan of food critics?
What is the difference between fermentable and non fermentable food and what are some of the examples?
With McDonald’s adding the new Worldwide Favorites menu, what is your nation’s favorite sandwich from the fast food chain?
What game do you think needs a sequel or remake?
R/catsstandingup has millions of comments, but they are ALL just “Cat.” Has anyone tried commenting anything else? What happened? The level of conformity is unparalleled and frightening
What popular food can you just not stand?
What is your strategy for eating tubs of ice cream?
What is something that is universally praised?
School employees of Reddit, in light of recent college admissions scandals, what is the most shameless thing you have seen a parent do to get their children into "top" universities?
Who's your favourite pornstar?
Men of Reddit, would you like it if your gf gives you a note in which she describes why she loves you, is proud of you etc? [serious]
Why are fast food companies allowed to totally misrepresent what their food actually looks like compared to what they show in commercials? Seems like false advertising to me.
People of reddit, what did your parents do that made you hate them?
What is a feature that you used to hate about yoursefl and wanted to change, but began to love as you grew older?
What's something your significant other dislikes about him/herself, but you love?
What's a status symbol that only billionaires can afford?
Resturaunt and store employees, what are some of the rudest things you've heard from customers?
Without any true skills, passions, or college education, how do you create a path to live a happy life?
People of Reddit, why do you yhjnk it is so important to learn to love yourself first before others?
Is love at first sight real? If so what are your encounters?
Which subreddit talks about little things gf/wife does that make their s.o. feel loved?
One thing that you love about yourself?
What's the most heartwarming yet stupid way to tell someone you love them?
When was the moment you realised you fell in love with someone really close to you and how did you know? (Could be anyone: a friend, coworker, your boss. Not necessarily a partner)
Why do you love/hate Old Town Road?
How to deal with mean girls?
[Serious] Redditors that have been cheated on, what words and/or actions from loved ones helped the most after it happened.
Reddit is having a massive potluck. What food/dish does each subreddit bring?
Do you think ghosts have a code of ethics?
What do you regret not growing up with?
Do we project emotion while we sleep and wouldn't this be confusing to our pets?
What is somthing you did, thought was a good idea, but now you regret?
If you could only eat one food and one drink for the rest of your life what would it be (nutrition still counts)
What food should I absolutely try if I visit your country ?
When did you first feel real love?
Who is your favorite entertainer?
Redditors with a 'first love that never happened', what happened?
How can I help a friend from another country have a better/easier life?
Most non-kids blockbuster movies show a dystopian world. Which non-kids blockbuster movie has a world you actually don't mind or would love to live in?
What did you love and hate most about your middle school days?
What made you realise your partner didn't love you anymore?
What was the most disappointing thing to you that no one thought was a big deal?
What's your favorite "don't knock it till you try it" food?
What gift can I get a girl the night before she has the biggest job interview of her life? Was thinking flowers and a nice note. We can do better!
What's true of animals wich if true of humans would make it ok to stab a human for food , given that there is another alternative ? [Serious]
Waitresses and waiters of Reddit, what's the most awkward situation that you brought food out on (happened in your restaurant)?
Where was or would you want your first time to be and why?
What is the dumbest thing you did in college?
With how expensive college has become, would you advise it?
Is it better to have loved and lost or to have never loved at all? Why do you think so?
What is the best zoo in the united states?
What's a great paying job that doesn't take a college degree or 10 years experience to start out?
You have a mild superpower that allows you to jump 4 metres into the air without hurting yourself. How do you use your new powers?
What’s an unwritten rule that every pet owner knows about when they own a cat or a dog?
Cuddle Party?
If god were removed from the line "one nation, under god" in the pledge of allegiance, what word would you replace it with? Why?
What beloved game do you wish you could take portable every day?
What is the best food you have ever had and what made it so good?
Who is your local 'village idiot' and what do they do that makes them a village idiot?
Can an average college aged guy earn any real money camming? How would I go about it?
Who is going to be the first fast food restaurant to serve alcohol?
What's a food hobby for meeting people as an adult?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen on google maps?
What are very high paying jobs for people without a college degree?
What event made you ask yourself “Am I going crazy?”
People who work in the service industry, what is your nightmare customer story?
What is the weirdest food aversion (Dislike) you have?
People who are still virgins in college, how's that been going for you? Any particular reason why?
What do you love most about Apu Nahasapeemapetilon?
Dear Redditors, your pets name now relates to the superpower they possess, what is it, and do they use it for good or evil?
What's a food you love to eat but others might find it unappealing based off appearance or texture
Why do my parents buy such shitty food?
I'm trying to sell my laptop, where do I begin in terms of getting it ready? Like deleting stuff and signing out of things. Do I have to do it all one by one or is there something that does it all in one go?
What is the wildest thing you've done with a friend?
1/10 dentist of Reddit, Why won't you recommend Colgate?
What was it that made you question your pets intelligence?
Dear anime lovers of Reddit, When did you realise you where a total weeb?
People with more than one college degree, was it worth it?
I'm a really bad unhealthy snacker who snacks all day on junk food. Please Reddit, what are some healthy, tasty and cheap alternatives that I can switch to?
Music lovers of Reddit, what's a fairly obscure artist that should be more recognized?
Lovely people of r/AskReddit. Have you ever been in a job that you hated and despised every minute but learned to love it in the end?
How do you see the world and what do you see as your place in it? What would you like your place to be?
How are wrongfully convicted people compensated for their time spent behind bars?
Camgirls/boys of Reddit, as a 18 Y/O About to start college I need money. What are some tips for starters?
What are some good colleges in the U.S or Canada to study film direction and writing ?
What is the stupid thing you ever done for being in love?
What is that weird smell you love that most can’t stand?
Please help translate this!
What made the job you love become the job you hate?
What foods that aren't normally eaten frozen become better if you freeze them?
How can i make better my food in masti in viewing?
What's the most disgusting food for you?
Doctors of reddit, what was the most terrifying experience you’ve had on the job?
What us the most underrated fast food item?
What food gave you the worst food poisoning?
If you lived abroad for awhile, what eats or food restaurant would you miss?
What do you think of love? (Serious)
What’s the best love song to sing as a duet?
[Serious] How are you guys? How's your health? Did you have food today (on time B/L/D) ? What do you plan on doing today?
Hey reddit my wife had a (genuine but insensitive) question. Since there can be longterm issues associated with paralyzed limbs, why don't people just get those limbs amputated? Would you opt for limb removal if you were paralyzed?
[Serious] Students (college and high school) how many of you have had sex with your teachers and what’s the story behind it?
Is having a relationship during college a very bad idea?
If you had the funds to clone your beloved pet, would you do it? Why or why not?
Fast food employees of reddit, what’s the most disgusting food combination that you saw?
Hey dog lovers, if dogs could talk just like people, Do you think you would still love them as much as you do now? Why/why not?
What is the most autistic thing you secretly do?
What subreddit went from being amazing to being garbage?
What's a song you think you've literally heard 1000 times?
What's a very specific food you'd willingly take as a bribe for anything?
What is your favorite cheap food?
Those of you who had to move home after being on your own for awhile (college doesn’t count). How did it go and what helped you move forward?
What make you incapable of being loved?
What food did you resist trying for so long, but did and now love?
What's the craziest thing you've done for love?
If you could change something about the American education system, what would it be?
What is a fate worse than death?
What steps can citizens take to ship emergency food aid to Venuzuala?
What's movie villain that would be a hero.irl?
I'm going to cut to the chase; am I the only one who thinks that "Handclap" by Fritz and the Tantrums is a god-awful song? In my opinion it's just really annoying, bland, and generic even for a run-of-the-mill pop song. Thanks for reading and I would love some feedback in the comments section! :)
I love beer. I drink probably 2 or so beers a night. I find the craft beer industry very attractive and I’d love to own my own tap house or brewery one day. Am I an alcoholic?
What would you do if you were so poor that you could barely be able to buy food for every day?
What is the most messed up thing that ever made you laugh?
What are some reasons why racism is still a thing?
What kind of food do you like/dislike, that most people don't and why?
What is love?
[Serious] How do you feel about Slavery Reparations?
What is something you found out about you/a loved one/ or a friend that you didnt?
What’s a food someone NEEDS to try before they die?
People who would choose food over sex, why?
What's your way to say 'I love you'?
What restaurants do offer real Mexican food like Taco Bell?
What's the worst advice you have been given for sex ??
Jogging after drinking?
What was the most embarrassing things you’ve ever done?
What are some good food life hacks?
What are some unexpected annoyances of living in a condo?
People who have suffered an unexpected loss of a loved one, what is the thing you most regret never saying to them?
What’s something that you do in the shower that other people might find weird?
[Serious] Fast food workers of Reddit, What was the craziest person you served?
If God's love is unconditional, then why are there conditions for salvation? (Assuming salvation is a manifestation of God's love)
How do you get free food?
Criminals of reddit what would you do if you were an agent?
Is it a sin to take off your skin and dance around in your bones?
What is the sexiest thing you and your lover have ever done?
People of reddit, help a high schooler out, what are some red flags when looking for colleges?
Did you walk in your high school or college graduation? If not, do you regret it?
I am a 18 year old Indian who will be moving to USA to pursue college there. What advise can you guys give me?
What is a food that most people like that you can’t fathom to eat?
Where are your ‘battle scars’ and how did you get them?
If your friends introduced you like people introduce their pets, ("this is Fido, he loves his belly scratched") what would they say about you?
Redditors who have been in love with their best friends...how did you tell them and what happened?
People that usually only listen to one type of music, what's an artist/album you love that belongs to an entirely different genre?
What is the most funniest way you have mercilessly exposed someone when they are lying?
What's the weirdest food your country has to offer?
Anyone that got a body mod while it was popular or fashionable for a short amount of time (eg. elf ears or split tongue) do you feel like u got swept up in the hype and regret it or do you still love it?
What are some of the biggest problems people have in relationships ?
I met a girl at an event and we exchanged full names and the states we live in but we didn't get the chance to exchange contact information how do I find her contact info? P.S. both of us are around 15
Fine diners of reddit, what was your worst fast food experience?
Which song you thought you will love forever, but now you cant listen?
What technology/invention made the world slightly more convenient
Is there a food that tastes so bad to you that you would pay half a years wages to avoid? (Not because your allergic or for health reasons)
Country music lovers of Reddit. What's your favorite country song written while you were living?
Redditors who use food deliver services, do you tip? If so, why or why not?
Iran vs. USA
Couples/People of Reddit who experienced "love at first sight": where were you, what made you feel it was love at first sight and how long have you been with that person (if still together)?
what is the defination of love?
What's the most stupid think u done?
Would you still love your mom if she called you gay?
Looking for answers for my college research report (questions included within).
Hopeless romantics of reddit that eventually found love, what advice would you give to those that haven’t yet?
Who is luckier, Sophie Turner or Joe Jonas?
It's it ok to pick on people if they have a girlfriend at school
Astrology lovers. What sign do you feel has the best upside?
What should a breastfed, 7 month old baby's poop look like after starting pureed baby food?
Step by step, how can someone work their way up to understanding and learning something as hard as quantum physics without college?
What is a food so good you can't resist eating?
People of reddit, what was the funniest moment in your life?
[serious] Engineers of Reddit, what do you think of your jobs, what do you do?
Fast food workers of reddit what are some stories of the most difficult customers that you have had to deal with?
People of Reddit, what foods are underrated?
What is a combination of foods which people think is gross but that you love?
What is a weird combination of food you mixed together that surprisingly tastes good?
What is a tip/piece of wisdom that could change ones life forever?
What "little things" do you do in life to make life not so repetitive?
What is the best fast food restaurant and why?
Sex workers become fall in love to one of the customers
Should you wait until you have a gf you love to have sex for the first time or do you think fucking hoes is aight too?
People of Reddit who have had to walk away from a relationship while still in love with that person; how did you ever get over them?
What is the best restaurant in your city?
Do you love every human being very much, or at least the good ones (strangers , not friends or relatives) - why or not?
If you were a USB Flash Drive, how much storage would you have?
Have you ever audited or attended an entire college course on campus without permission? What’s your story?
[serious] What would you do if you were gay and hopelessly in love with your straight friend?
[Serious]What's the creepiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the most philosophical "shower thought" you've ever heard/had?
What’s your favourite food to snack on?
Professors (&amp; college/grad school teachers) of Reddit -- has a student ever confessed their love for you? Alternatively, can you tell when a student is in love with you? How does it make you feel? What do you do?
People of Reddit, how much money is in your bank account at the moment and how old are you?
What’s a food combination that sounds gross until you try it? I add mayo to skim milk to give it more body.
Scent lovers of Reddit what is your favorite smell when it comes to hand soaps, air fresheners and etc?
Pitbull lovers of reddit, how to convince you that you should not buy one, and that they are dangerous?
What would you do with a small loan of a million dollars?
Who ultimately pays for the billions of emails that get sent every day?
People that are overweight, was it unhealthy food choices or lack of exercise?
What do you love most about being a parent?
Redditors, what's the most intriguing love story you know?
If you were recently graduated from college with an English Language and Literature degree in a non-English speaking country, what would you do for your career?
What is your soul food? How did you come to like it?
People of Reddit who were afraid you will never be loved, did you find your SO?
[Serious] Which is your favorite restaurant or fast food Chain?
What should is the normal amount of time between a break-up and dating again?
There’s so much hate towards men these days. They’re always called trash, shit, and worthless. Let’s try some positivity. Who are some men in your lives whom you honor, love, and appreciate?
What’s the most overpriced food you have ever eaten? Was it good?
Cross-post from r/askreddit, thought you guys would also enjoy xD
Does it make you unhappy to know you are not as happy as you want to be?
Any habit that a loved one has which bugs you out but you haven't told them and why?
What do you savor and what do you devour? (Books, food, shows, videogames, sports, etc)
When did you realise you had fallen out of love?
Pet owners of Reddit. How does your your pet(s) express their love or admiration to you?
What would happen if someone started buying up irreplaceable and beloved or historic classic cars and destroying them for fun?
Are women capable of love? Why or why not?
[Serious] I’m 17. At the loneliest point in my life. I feel like I’m doing something wrong. How can I be less lonely? (Please read description for info on my situation)
Why do most alpha males have pubic lice?
How does one find their purpose in life?
Redditor who love fat woman, why ?
If you were paid the same salary as you are getting currently and allowed to switch careers, what would you pick so that you love your job?
Redditors, What was the worst food you tasted made by someone for you? What was your reaction?
You believe and agreed to a monogamous relationship and fell in love with your partner. You go steady for two years all of a sudden they mention they would like an open relationship. How do you react?
Where can one learn everything about binary trading?
Graphic designers of reddit, what are the strangest commissions you have done?
Is it normal to say “I love you” to your friends? Why?
I was sexing on my GF with my genitals a lot and my "turtle" got out of its tank. I put food all over the house so he won't be lonely. How can i make him love me again and come back?
Why does the Master of Puppets riff sound so familiar? It’s sounds like a meme song or something
At what point should we judge others?
What song, album, singer, or band do you love that's completely different from the other music you like?
At what point did you realize you were privileged?
What’s the most amount of plates of food appropriate for all you can eat buffets?
What do people either love or hate (no in between)?
What are some pretentious things chefs/foodies do?
What are foods that smell bad but taste good or vice versa?
Married people of Reddit - what does your spouse do that let’s you know “oh we’re about to have sex”?
When was your near death experience?
What is love?
What's your favorite food combo that other people find disgusting?
[Serious] What's that one classic but overly commercialized song that you still love and that touches your heart?
[Serious] americans of reddit, how do you feel about what black people went/go through in your beautiful country or as you love to call it the greatest nation in the world?
Medical Professionals of Reddit, what was your experience like the first time you’ve ever had a patient pass away?
[Serious] People who dropped out of college but went back, what helped you get readmitted?
What's your quirky food habit?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was the worst customers you've had to deal with?
What cute nicknames do you have for your pets
Who was your first love? Why did it end?
If you could create a game, what would it be called?
What food have you acquired a taste for over the years?
What was the worst thing that happened to you in class?
What has been the most bitter sweet moment of your life?
if you had to turn into an animal for the rest of your life what animal would it be?what if you cant choose pets?
Those who’ve married a widower: Is it hard being married to someone who is still in love with another person?
For those of you who were caught trying to rob an establishment why didn’t it go to plan?
How does r/MemeEconomy work?
What difficult game are you unusually good at?
Programmers, I started C last year in college, I'm not good at it, how can I become improve my logical skills?
What food or beverage product did they stop selling that you miss?
What didn’t you know you were afraid of until you encountered/experienced it?
Who would you choose? Option A. Someone poor but you love. Option B. Rich and approved by parents except you're not in love
What’s the first song you remember hearing on the radio?
What's the one thing you've done perfectly a few times but absolutely can't do anymore?
Which video game would you love to live in?
What advice do you have for someone starting a job in retail?
Lurkers of reddit, why don't you ever comment on anything?
What is your college roommate story?
What food do you eat every week without exception?
What food tastes better the next day?
People of Reddit who loves Cooking, any easiest Recipe I should try?
What is something you love or hate about America?
What is a classic, well loved meal/food that everyone loves, but you cant stand
Narcissists, when did you realize you were one? What did you do/think in response?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without a shower and why?
What’s the best response to “where did you go to college/university” when you never attended or finished?
What’s your celebrity horror story?
What is the one skill you regret not learning when you were younger?
Is Autointhebox.com a safe place to buy from?
Whats the best food you ever ate?
What elderly story have you heard that you think is weird/crazy/dumb enough to actually have happened?
You've just landed on an alien planet and discovered an alien animal that gets food in an unusual way. What is the animal and how does it work?
How long into your relationship &amp; how did your SO say I love you for the first time?
How do you deal with losing a loved one?
What's something you would love to try but at too scared to?
What is your best summer camp story?
Fast food/restaurant workers of reddit, what’s the strangest way you saw a customer eat their food?
What are some body language cues that you know of?
What is a food you just can not stand
Non Tory British People, which candidate for PM do you dislike the least?
If searching on Reddit for your other account does not result in any results, when you have created that account separately for separate purposes (such as one for job and one for personal), does that mean your other account is shadowbanned on Reddit?
Redditors who generally don't mind sharing, what's the food or drink you're selfish about?
I'm starting college in a few days and I'm super nervous. What are some do's and dont's at college? Would love some general college advice!
What food places that you want to go to since you don’t have them in your area?
What would your Disney World fanfiction be?
How would you solve the Israeli - Palestine conflict?
What is a clear sign that you’re too fucked up to be loved? Is having an ex that refuses to speak to you one of those signs? Why or why not?
Do you think it’s possible for humans to primally love someone who is 30+ years older than themselves, and why?
What’s the most disgusting/unusual thing you have found when eating at a fast food restaurant?
You get a billion dollars every week, but every Friday you have to eat a delicious burger. Do you take this deal and why???
[SERIOUS] College graduates of reddit, what are some majors/ courses or ways to go to a college free of cost that no one thinks about.
What pisses you off the most?
Do you regret your current username?
Who loves you, seriously)
(Simple) whats your favorite food
What do you think of life, evolution, god created, simulation, etc?
What's the first thing you did when you went to college?
Which music bands did you use to dislike but love now?
Dogs constantly beg you to share your food but when’s the last time a dog ever offered you food?
What is "love?" I've been discussing the topic with some friends over the last few weeks, and have been going through a bit of a rough patch with the person I love most. I understand that the purpose of being here is to experience love, but what is it? Is it coming from the mind or heart?
Who is the love of your life that you left because you transitioned to a different school but kept in touch and eventually married?
Do you still tip the delivery guy ,when ordering food, even if you were already charged a delivery fee?
Redditors. What are you doing at work now and what do you love about your job?
People of Reddit, settle this long time argument. What is the more "adult" food, Bagel Bites or Spaghetti-o's?
Is there any organism that could completely vanish over night and have zero effect on any food chain/ecosystem?
What is something you loved to do but someone you know ruined?
Hot or cold?
What's a song that your kid listens to all the time that you've grown to love?
[Serious] Whats your Cringiest post yet from the 1700's?
People who travel alone, what's something that you love about it?
Game devs of Reddit, what titles in the future can the world look forward to?
Messenger secret react
To the book lovers of reddit: what is a good underrated book and what is it about?
If you knew the exact cause and timing of your own death, would it add to or detract from your life's overall quality?
Couples of Reddit, what made you say "I love you" to your partner for the first time?
Americans of reddit, why do you have a flag day?
Anime/Manga lovers of Reddit, what are some good anime/manga suggestions that you would recommend to other people?
What’s the best love song? Any genre or time period.
When was there a time where love blinded you from reality?
What are your favorite fast food/junk food items?
People who have gone to weddings / receptions. What were the best party favors you ever got?
Apparently sushi rolls in the US are usually only seafood or vegetarian. In Australia they also commonly have chicken as a filling. What is the norm in other countries?
Why does one always fall in love with somebody that is unattainable for one?
What is one thing at a store/restaurant that you loved that they ended up getting rid of?
What happened to the woman I fell in love with?
Older people of Reddit, what food did you grow up with that you don't see very often anymore?
[Serious] USA food companies seem to be allowed to have lower quality products. One example is chocolate with America requiring about 10% of chocolate liquor, but Britain is 25% chocolate solids. This issue appears with other food (like cheese). Why is American food less stringent than Europe?
What is your fast food guilty pleasure?
How do I focus for an exam (I fell in love with someone)
Have you been and Uber/Lyft driver?
People of reddit, what are your guide to part-time jobs for college students?
How do you find your purpose and reason for living?
How do we deal with famous people on social media to stop them from being clowns? That they need to behave like civilized people!?
What think most people love it and you hate it and cannot give a rat's ass?
Why do I look different in a mirror vs a picture?
What would you do if your Internet search history was posted publicly for anyone to see?
Redditors, what is worse than unrequited love? Is there anything worse?
Redditors, what is the one thing that makes you love monday?
What is your favorite off menu/ menu hack fast food item?
What talent did your crush/SO have that made you love them even more?
What was your most life threatening encounter?
I am currently in a love triangle with my best friend and crush, however she is leaning towards being with me but I don't want to ruin my friendship with him (best friend). What do I do?
Music lovers of Reddit, what is a genre you don't personally enjoy but can fully respect?
[serious] Parents who both adopted AND have a biological child, do you love/think of the adopted child any less?
What’s your favorite snack food and why?
Strangers, what is your experience of taking up a college degree in something and working in a completely different profession?
What food tastes good, but is just too messy to even bother to eat?
Dear users of Reddit, what is one scary and/or inexplicable event that has happened in your life?
What's a food most people love, but you find disgusting ?
What’s a thing you hated when you were a kid, but love now?
You find out that your lover is a very distant cousin, what do you do?
Pokemon lovers, what are your top five favourite Pokemons and why ?
Drunk RN ask some questions ?
Is anyone in a longterm relationship (+10yrs) still head over heels in love with their SO?
(Serious)Are we really safe to love Keanu? I've been hurt so many times by celebrities, most recently Biel and JT. Is something going to come out of the woodwork, is it really ok to love again?
Which member(s) of your family can you not stand and why?
What’s the best thing/event/experience you’ve gotten for free?
What was the final tipping point that made you decide to take your life?
Movie theater employees: Do you care if people bring in outside food? If so, how do you handle it?
Is there a page about how foods taste?
What would you do to pass time if you had to stand in a crowd for 5 hours?
Reddit,what was your tragic love story??
What is the best spice to spice up your spiciness?
weird food combinations?
To people who watch college sports and support a specific team, yet have no connection to the school they are cheering on, why college instead of pro sports and why that school?
How do you handle the loss of someone who you knew very well, loved very much, and respected?
What is the world’s greatest love song?
Tell me the best thing that's happened to you, your greatest hopes and aspirations.
Grocery store employees, how much food is thrown away per week? Which department is the biggest culprit?
Everyone loves a good story, so what is yours?
Reddit, what's your favorite podcast?
Have you ever read a reddit post and then figured out that post was mentioning about you as an anonymous character? How did you react to that?
When did you first realise that your crush has been talking and using you as a dumpster of her sad emotions (Emotional Trashcan) and she doesn't love you back?
What is the biggest backfire of a company policy that you've seen? [Serious]
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of falling in love with an anime character?
Waiters/waitresses/food servers of Reddit, when was a moment you accidentally dropped a customer’s whole meal while bringing it to them?
Humans of Reddit, what are some weird foods you enjoy?
When you finally delete Reddit what do you think you'll accomplish with all the extra time you have?
/u/AutoModerator on Looking to connect with fellow fragrance lovers. #fragrance #perfume #scent #cologne ?
You people, who are secretly in love to one of your friends, but cant do anything about it cos he/she is already taken or otherwise unavailable. What is it, that wont let you, let it go and move on with your life?
What is your story of your tattoo(s)?
People with a photographic memory, what's it like?
When did tou find out the truth behind santa and how?
New Zealanders of reddit who attend art schools/ universities/ colleges is it really a good school as promoted?
What favorite food can you not get in the U.S. and where can we try it?
Who did you slowly grow to love?
Why do you like to keep pets?
What are the most disgusting food and drink combinations?
Americans of Reddit, who are you voting for in the upcoming primary election? Why?
Music lovers of Reddit, if you were in a show and could interact and change the course of the artists performance, what would you like to do? How would you influence the show?
What's one thing you hate and one thing you love about your country?
Which would be harder for you to give up: coffee or alcohol?
What's a small touch at your office/work space that you love?
Fellow redditors, what was the worst “present” your pets gave you?
What's the book with the best re-read value?
What is one food the no one liked then but it’s super popular now
We know you love your partner, but what is something they do that irritates the crap out of you?
[serious] What are some methods to learn to love yourself?
I have a mom who doesn’t love me, do you have a relative who doesn’t love you?
You are given a device which will transform any food into a romantically compatible human mate for you. The catch is that your mate will resemble in appearance and also share the personality characteristics of that food. What food do you choose?
Hotel cleaners of Reddit. What's the worst thing you've found in a hotel room ?
Are Ivy League colleges any better or worse than a college like Kansas? Why?
weird food your country have?
What is one food that you used to hate but now love (or vice versa)?
People with jobs they love, what do you do?
What is the most severe change in character you have experienced from irl to online (or vice versa)?
What's your "Tool Tune"? (That's a song you love, but if you were at a bus stop you'd turn it down and/or roll the windows up.)
What did you love as a kid that hasn't aged well? What has?
Chef's of Reddit, what was the worst experience you had preparing food for a customer?
Which imaginary work place would you love to work in?
What is your dry humor?
(Lies only) which fictional character were you in love with growing up and what were your fantasies about them?
Which fast food restaurant would you choose to obtain free food forever from? and why?
Does the smell of something fade in compressed air?
What is your favourite piece of media that almost nobody has heard of?
What book/series did you love, but then reread and hated?
What’s your favorite food combination that always gets an “ew” response when you tell someone about it?
Why do/dont you have pets?
What's the next industry to be replaced by the internet?
What is a really wired way you have seen someone eat a food?
What's a worse love story than Twilight?
Gone Wild-ers and other gone wild-ers
If heaven exists why or why will you not get in?
What is boring until you finish?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
Food lovers of reddit. What is a drink (soda/pop, water, juice, alcholic beverages, etc...) and meal that goes surprisingly well together?
Why fall in love when you can fall asleep?
What questions have you waiting for someone to ask on here? What are your answers?
What's the worst and best advice you got in college?
He’ll come people squint their eyes when they can’t see? What are some of your thoughts on that?
5G - safe or deadly?
What's the one food you could eat every day that you honestly would not get tired of?
Subaru WRX owners of Reddit: Why do you sleep with the loyal girlfriend of another man, who loves her very much?
Did you give a home to a stray cat, and you have had this cat for a very long time?
What are some strange food combinations that taste surprisingly good?
What do you think would happen if anyone could read anyone else’s text s, PMs, and browsing history at anytime?
What popular movie/TV show character do a lot of people love, but you secretly can't stand?
Is it better to be loved, or feared? Why do you choose that?
What is an organism(s) that could completely vanish over night and have zero effect on any food chain/ecosystem, and why?
What was one moment in your life that you thought you were going to die?
[Serious] What's a positive life-changing mistake you made?
People like to say that the 20's are the best years of your life. Were they the best for you?
I paint her toe nails and brush her hair. GUYS: what is the cheesiest, most "romantic" thing you do to let her know you love her even after 10+ years?
what is your best/worst "things i do for love" moment?
Is this a bed bug?
In the US, if someone is in a serious car accident, and that person has an emergency contact list in their glovebox, is it the police’s duty to inform the family/emergency contacts?
What's your worst nightmare ? If that happens your life can't be same anymore .
Redditors that work in food businesses, what is the weirdest order you have ever gotten from a customer?
What are some fast food hacks?
What food looks disgusting, but tastes amazing?
What is a guarantee way for you to fall madly in love with someone?
Okay fine what song do you sing while absolutely no one is watching?
if you had to enter a food eating competition (the person who consumes the most total mass wins) what food would you choose?
Do you think that tinder is a good way to find love? Why?
Say you knew I was a cynical and manipulative person
People who moved/immigrated to Western Europe (Fr/Be/Ge/Ne/De), what are some of the day-to-day issues/problems that you face?
Drug dealers of reddit, What was your biggest sale?
Porn actor/actress of reddit, how did you begin in this career?
What palace who’s main attraction is not food did you find a delicious meal or snack?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What are some of your strangest moral values?
What was your almost a ‘Darwin Award’ moment?
When you’re eating food do u ever just forget how to swallow for some reason and then somehow how do it?
What is your random hookup story from college?
If animals had spirit humans, what would your pets spirit human be?
What happens if you click the up arrow?
How would you react if your roommate gets upset that you waste the food that you buy?
Grown ups of reddit, what is the most childest thing you still do as a grown up?
What is a odd food combo that taste really good?
[Serious]Actors who didn't go to college for acting or have any training, what do you do?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
Whats your favourite song you can't sing well but love to sing anyway?
Your loved one has moved countries for a year for work. What would you send them in a care package to remind them of home?
/u/twec21 responds to: Who will win in a battle royale between John Wick, James Bond, Austin Powers, Ethan Hunt, Johnny English, Katniss Everdeen, Xander Cage, movie Lara Croft, young Indiana Jones, Jason Borne? Why and how? [+81]
Former homeless of Reddit, where are you now?
What major should one do in college if they are a video game expert?
If you could say one thing to the entire world what would it be?
Adults of Reddit, what did you wish you knew before you went to college?
If food can take upwards of 50 hours to complete its cycle through your bowls, why does Taco Bell invoke almost instant diarrhea?
Can you give good advice for a first year college freshman?
Redditors who didn't like this particular food, what recipe did change your mind ?
College students of Reddit, what is one thing you wish you knew about your school before you went?
What's exactly the turn on in watching someone eat feces?
What is the cheapest piece of food you have ever ate?
Men/women what’s your, “we were both secretly in love and never knew it”?
My best friend of 8 years has started to embarrass me financially in front of my crush. I am broke without a dollar to my name what do I do be embarrassed in front of my crush looking broke or not show up to any events at all pushing her further away?
In a post apocalyptic world where civilisation is forced to live from “canned” food items, what do you think would be the most sought after cuisine?
Is it possible to deconstruct love ?
When did you realize that you were turning into your father?
What's the best gift someone gave to you?
As your taste buds mature, what food/drink/condiment do you love now that you once hated?
Which 'weird' combination of food tastes do you love?
What’s your best college roommate story?
[Serious] How do you move forward from cutting off toxic and abusive family members, family you still love?
Dear couples, what’s the part of how you got together that you dare not tell other people?
To the highschoolers and college students of reddit, was there a time where you had a crush and they did something or believed in something that made you rethink a possible relationship with them, if so what was it?
If you could sit down and have a drink, dinner, or just a bullshit session with anyone alive today, who would it be and why?
Fast food employees, whats the worst thing youve seen happen at your workplace
People who've had a stone or a cyst removed from their kidney, what's your story?
Employees of Wholefoods, what has or had been your experience like in working for the company?
Retail workers, your horror story?
Check out the most voted response and the replies. Crazy.
What do you think would lead to happier life, a study that you love with little or no job guarantee, or something that you don't particularly like but will give more financial security?
Pitch your TED talk
If your bodily mechanics was altered in such a way were you could only engage in sex so long as you were genuinely in love with the other person, how would that effect your current sex life?
Barbers of Reddit, how do you calm down kids to do a haircut?
Redditors who used to hate cats but now love them, what changed your mind?
Have you ever gotten an off brand food/clothing item that you liked better than the name brad equivlent?
Former Addicts of Reddit: How do you help/support loved ones who are still addicted to things?
What’s your most embarrassing crush story? Be it you having a crush on someone else, or someone else admitting their love to you.
Have you ever fell in love with some purely by how nice / a good person is?
What advice do you have for soon-to-be college students?
People who won a scholarship for college, how did you do it?
Java SE programming training
How is 2019 treating you people on Reddit so far?
I’m an 8th grade teacher who was just told that I have to babysit all the summer school kids during graduation practice for 3 periods tomorrow. What full length YouTube movies can I show?
This is going to trigger people. MAGA vs Gay
People of reddit, when did you realize you met the love of your life? And it did it cost you anything(jobs, friends, etc.)
Why cats are better pets than dogs?
What's some general knowledge you think everyone should know?
What music video have you binge watched the most? What do you love about it?
What limited time food product or version of a food product do you really wish they would do another run of?
Would you watch a bisexual bachelor/bachelorette tv show with 15 men &amp; 15 women competing for a bisexual person's love?
should i tell my ex that I've fallen in love with her again, slowly over several years?
Why do you think love relationship is needed by others?
People who have trouble focusing, how do you cope with it?
What food sounds delicious but when you tried it, it’s actually disappointing?
Who till be the next host on Jeopardy, after Alex Trebek?
which series started with a great idea but soon became unwatchable ?
What is an office job someone without a college degree could apply for?
What are the weirdest cultural food that don’t make sense why people created it in the first place?
Why type of character or personality traits do you want for the love of your life or your other half?
How many pringles do you put in your mouth at a time?
What's your favourite weather and why?
Wealthy people of Reddit, what advice do you have for highschoolers and college students on how to acquire money?
What is some of the best college advice you have for a incoming freshman?
Why does it feel therapeutic to stare into a fire?
What is the worst experience you have had with fast food?
Im starting college in the fall. Im 21 turning 22 next month, im nervous. What are somerhings i should look foward to and things i should stay away from. Or share some personal experience. Lets have a discussion
What is something you used to do that you thought was innocent, but turned out to be the opposite?
What are some love quotes that seem quite cheesy to being with but are incredibly creepy once you think about it?
What food combinations did someone tell you was delicious but did not trust them until you tried it yourself?
What irrationally upsets you to no end?
How rare is a one leaf clover?
How have you handled the death of a loved one?
Elon Musk love him or hate him what are your thoughts?
Why guys always text “wyd” and never “what’s your cashapp, will cover your food costs for today out of kindness”?
What are some college degrees that pay $100K or more a year that do not require a lot of math?
Who would win in a fight between the Superhero you hate vs The Superhero you love?
Which foreign song that catchy and stucks in your head all day?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever saw on reddit?
College students and recent graduates of Reddit, what do you wish you knew before beginning college?
What's one thing you learned in high school that you will you never forget but never use?
Boys and Girls of Reddit,what is the most stupid thing you did out of love/to impress a girl/guy ?
Asian people of reddit, what is the worst Asian food while eating out and where?
People of Reddit, what is something you once loved but now loathe and why?
What is your go-to trigger meal or snack, that is your one food guilty pleasure item that you need to eat on that day if something happens?
I just finished my GED testing and will be picking up the certificate later this week. What should I go back to school for at 32 years old?
What can I do as a high schooler to make my future more successful?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
[Serious] What’s the best way to love and comfort friends who were present for the tragic loss of another beloved friend?
spooky people of reddit, what’s your favorite paranormal experience?
How do I change my Reddit picture?
Amputees of Reddit: what are some tricks/tips you use/have used to deal with phantom limb pain?
[Serious] Redditors who experienced unrequited loves, how long did it take for your feelings to fade away?
Why do vegans make a lot of food taste like meat?
In your own words, how is fondness different than love?
People who have gone to prestigious colleges/universities, how did you do it?
What’s the worst part about being drunk?
so like what is obama going to do for the next 30 years?
What’s your favorite song about being happy in love?
Happy Pride Month! What’s something about being LGBTQIA that you love? 🏳️‍🌈
People who became successful without going to college. What are your thoughts on college?
What were you not allowed to do as a kid that most kids were?
Why some people love their grandmothercmore than their mother?
Let's settle this people of reddit, what is the best fast food restaurant to eat at?
Why do you love your job?
Would you be in favor of the USA government providing its citizens with a one time offer of an expenses paid relocation to an area of the country of that citizen's choosing?
Besides Keanu and Trump, who does Reddit love and hate. Why?
How to love your imperfect body?
I'm travelling in flight for the first time and wanted to know if I have to keep my gamepad and wired mouse in the security bin ? Btw I'm travelling in a domestic flight in India.
What’s the weirdest thing to happen to you when closing the store?
What’s a song everybody hates but you love?
What is one basic skill that everyone has already learned, that you do not have?
What is the best strategy for defeating my boyfriend at the board game RISK?
Movie lovers of Reddit, What are your favorite zombie movies of all time?
Why are some people so tolerant to super hot food while others can't stand even a mild spice?
What's the most embarrassing thing on your phone? Something that you literally couldn't explain if someone found it.
Instagram Users of Reddit, Why?
What tips would you tell new pet owners or owners of pets they never had before?
What does love feel like?
For people who moved from another country to USA, what is one thing you love about living in America and one thing you really hate?
Whats the most disgusting food or drink you ever put inside your mouth?
Redditors that have friends in bad relationships, how do you get them to realize they could do better?
You wake up from a dream to realize that reality as you knew it was fake. All companies, inventions, and scientific discoveries cease to exist. However, society still functions with everyone in it. What thing from the modern age do you bring back?
Did you know you are loved by someone?
Parents of reddit, when do you think your child is cute?
Do you think it is possible to love others if you don't love yourself first
What would be the IRL version of landing a "Critical Hit"?
What food reminds you a lot of your childhood?
What book would you love to see turned into a movie?
Fastfood workers of reddit, what's the worst or strangest experience you've had with a customer?
If a 16y olds crush(girl) is passing a kidney stone. Would it be funny or weird to send this: “I heard you got caught stoned”?
How do you know if you’re still in love with your ex?
People of Reddit, have you ever had a "don't tell me the odds" moment?
Do you have a dog if so what breed is it?
Does your hometown have a ‘good’ side and a ‘bad’ side? If so, what makes them ‘good’ or ‘bad’?
What are some common mistakes to avoid when someone is doing their own electrical wiring?
How soon is too soon to know that you love someone?
If you were drafted for war, what would you do to get yourself out of it before being sent off?
what is in your opinion the greatest thing a person can do and be proud of ?
Cat lovers of reddit, how does your cat let you know when it has a spot it *REALLY* likes to be pet?
What's a strange food combination you enjoyed as a kid?
What was the biggest “Who are we supposed to actually trust here” in history?
Criminal defense lawyers, what was a dead giveaway that your client was guilty?
Why is it I can eat like 7 hot dogs without feeling full but I get full very quickly off of most other foods?
What action do you do to let your animal know you are going to stop petting them?
What are some underrated words that could exponentially increase your day-to-day vocabulary?
I recieved a link about a free Steam gift card just now from a random account. What is the chance that it's a scam?
What's your biggest petpeeve?
People who got back with their first love/real relationship after breaking up, how did it work out for you guys if you did even get back?
Why can you pull one hair out of your head with relative ease, yet a handful of hair is impossible to pull out?
What story do you love telling about your dog?
Why are black people also included in People of Color, but not whites?
Women of reddit who deeply love to come to book clubs, what's the best book that you've read and what are some of the most unusual books that you've read together?
What’s something that you’ll tolerate from a loved one, but will fight a motherfucker you don’t like over?
What are some self-love songs that you would recommend to a person who is struggling with body image/self-hate issues?
What strange object(s) have you found in your food/drinks?
Would you still recommend going to college in Europe?
Uber riders, what are some stories you have on your car rides?
The Heaven of a person takes the form of the place and time that they loved the most. How your Heaven would be like?
Can you eat and taste all the food in your lifetime?
Why does this happen, I was thinking of getting new glasses and I went on YouTube and glasses were the first thing that popped up despite me never searching for it, my mum was also complaining about her eye bags and there was a eye bag reduction video too. what do you think?.
What food tastes terrible on its own but amazing with something else?
What job that you know nothing about could you last the longest without being fired ((Fast-food, gas station, that kind of thing excluded)?
If reddit had achievements like video games, what would they be?
To those of you attracted to men, what do you love about men that they would consider a flaw?
What franchises do you love?
What's something you hate the taste of, but love the smell of?
Fast food workers - question about "Ring bell if you had good Service"
Most nastiest thing you found in your food at a restaurant or takeout. I found a black worm in my Chinese?
If a waiter has an open bandaid on the finger (not covered) would you be okay with them serving you food/drinks?
What do you feel most proud of?
What food has been ruined for you forever because of an unfortunate experience?
What do you love about being your gender?
What’s a food you hate that everyone else loves?
How be articulate?
What show from your childhood needs more love?
Women of Reddit, why are you yet to realize that you are the only reason I can't have the love of my life?
Ladies how many orgasms can you take from having your pussy licked before telling your lover to stop licking your pussy?
What’s your go-to conversation starter?
What is your favorite memory of Reddit?
Men of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what ordering tips do you have from your restaurant?
If you were going to college, what would be some expensive or centimental things/objects that you would advise against bringing?
what would unicorns call their coffee, sugar, tea and hot chocolate and other foods?
People who are married, do you love that person more than everyone else?
What games should you try after playing the trash called overwatch for 2 years?
People of Reddit, What is your dream?
What are some colleges with online degrees that require absolutely no math? I've struggled my whole life with math (including several semesters of college math) and I want to find any colleges offer complete online degrees that require no math courses to graduate with an Associate's or Bachelor's.
Who is secretly your favorite parent, even if you love them both
Current and former college RAs of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've witnessed in your dorm?
What’s your most irrational thought process that you can’t justify to anyone?
What behavior or habit grinds your gears?
Would you rather take the mick of everyone you love or not love anyone and why
What have I become now that I've betrayed everyone I've ever loved and pushed them all away?
What’s something you hate about yourself that other people love?
Reddit, what was the moment that you knew you had fallen in love?
[Serious] Why do most people, and society in general consider love to be more important than freedom?
What is the most downvoted comment you have posted?
How did you come to love your hobby and why should we consider doing it?
Who loves stroking to friends wife?
Fast food workers of Reddit, who was the rudest customer you ever had to deal with?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever found in someone's house?
What's the most disgusting combination of food that people actually eat?
What's something good about not being too rich?
What's the most random file you've found on your phone?
[SERIOUS] How do you practice self-care and self-love?
What’s the one seemingly useless item in your house that you will never get rid of?
Who needs someone to talk to ?
What food tastes good but smells awful on someones breath?
What food combination do you love but others think is weird?
Do we find a way back to our loved ones who left us since long?
no normal person needs anything more than a pistol. That's why even having a pistol is unnecessary.
Y'all might wanna comment there
Dear Step children of Reddit how’s your relationship with your parents now?
What's the strangest superstition you know?
Anyone get so tired at work that they go cross eyed and it's like looking at a Magic Eye book?
What weird food combinations are actually really good?
Redditors who love your jobs, what do you do, and why do you love it?
What is it you love/hate about living in your current city/state/country?
Did you ever start a trend and how big did it get?
People who have famous/actors relatives what it like when you see them at family functions or Holidays?
What would you say is better, video games or anime and why would you say they are better?
What is one thing you can't stand on someone you love?
How do you know you're in-love?
Redditors, have you ever given an honest review pf a college proffessor who then made the course impossible for you; even tho it was supposed to be anonymous? Whats your story?
What's wrong?
Do you think so many people would still love the British Royals if they had adopted their children?
My 111 year old daughter loves hearing random simple facts before going to Sleep, what are some facts?
Who is the greatest athlete of All time?
What extent would nuclear radiation have upon the atmosphere in an apocalyptic scenario? Would the radiation induce and increase the half life decay rates of the Elements within the atmosphere?
What are some unusual or unlikely animals that make loving and affectionate pets?
What is one classic well loved meal/food that everyone loves, but you hate?
(Serious) People who've tried Stand up comedy, how did it go? Do you have any tips for beginners?
What's the most funniest names people have named their pets?
In any order, Can describe yourself, the one you hate, and the one you love the most in any order?
What are some surprising foods that, like cookie dough, are better consumed raw than cooked?
World travelers of Reddit, what cuisine or food item was the weirdest?
Women of Reddit, what are some things a dad should know about raising a girl?
/u/Nothinmuch responds to: Redditors over 30, what's the most significant thing individuals should do in their 20s? [+68]
How did you choose your college major?
You're stranded out in the ocean on a small sailboat, it has been 3 days without any food, Your Mom, Dad, Sibling(s), and Pet(s) are on the boat, Who do you sacrifise first to be your meal?
You're stuck on an island &amp; you can only have Andy's dick or Anthony's weiner. Which do you choose and why?
Redditors who love malls, why?
What’s -that- something you want to do with you loved one? And what could ruin it?
What is the one thing that you wish someone had told you when you started college?
What would you choose - a low paying job which you love or risking it and finding a higher paying job which you might not like just to earn more money to support your future family?
What do you do on the weekend to unwanted from the week?
[r/AskReddit] For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
People who once experimented sexually in college, did it ever come back to haunt you in later relationships?
What is your "this has to be a sign from a deceased loved one" story ?
Beach people of Reddit, have you ever gotten stuck in a rip current? If so what’s your story?
Foley artists, what is the most random junk you used?
What are three things you love the most about your job?
What is a weird food combination you like?
You fall in love with your cousin; what do?
How many pets can you own before it gets to the point where you have too many pets?
You wake up and it dawns on you that you've time traveled to the day of your college graduation. What will you change in your daily routine?
People of Reddit, what do you do to strengthen and increase love in platonic and romantic relationships?
Tell me something you love? However big or small or relevant or stupid or cute it is, I want to know about something you love.
What's the best way to enjoy crumpets?
What is the most underrated thing about water?
How would you sell sand in a desert?
What was the most stupid thing you did and looked back at it thinking to yourself “what the f*ck was I thinking ?”
What fast food is truly the worst and why?
What depressing song do you love?
What are the worst memories of your childhood which are never shared with anyone?
What's your scariest childhood memory?
contentment
How did you meet the love of your life?
What’s the worst instance of being sick and missing something important you’ve planned?
Do you let the food sit beteween your lips and teeth, or do you use your tongue to scrape the food bits out?
Why do you eat fast food?
What is a weird ‘sixth sense’ that you have?
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
What is something guys do that girls love?
What is a soul-changing experience that everybody should have atleast once in their life?
Fast food restaurant employees, why is your milkshake/ice cream machine broken? And what is the most common fault?
At what point did you realise you didnt love someone anymore ?
What is the most scummy person you have ever met?
People who have come back to college/university after working for a while, what is weirdest/hardest thing you had to get used to?
[Serious] Pet owners of Reddit, how many of you have tried your pet's food? How was it?
What is the best way to show love and appreciation for an SO or loved one?
Do you have any tricks to get into a really great state of mind?
What scene in a movie are you never able to fully watch?
What college food is great and cheap?
What food always gives you bad gas?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was your worst experience with a a rude customer?
Adults of Reddit, as a child did you fear going to the doctors office or the dentists office more?
What is your Deadly Sin?
Anyone ever accidentally smoke their pets hair by accident?
What's a subreddit that you used to like that was ruined by popularity?
What are the pros and cons of the education system in your college?
Are you still in love with your SO?
Cashiers of Reddit: what is the weirdest combination of foods someone has bought?
What is your favorite game/toy/food that nobody has heard of? (Question inspired by some other guys)
Have you ever received a gift from your lover that you simply hated? If yes what did you do?
Why won't this guy stop asking about my grades (college), even though I keep telling him to stop asking?
People of reddit, what is your college dorm horror story?
What is a food that they dont' make anymore that makes you nostalgic? [SERIOUS]
What’s your favorite US regional fast food restaurant?
Wrestling lovers, what was the moment you realized wrestling was fake?
What food was so disgusting that you will never eat it again?
What would happen if every human being on the planet simultaneously thought identical positive thoughts, and felt love in their heart for 30 seconds?
Redditors, how would you feel if there was free housing and food for the homeless if they could pass a drug and alcohol test and must remain clean to keep their new home?
What food did you hate as a child but love as an adult?
Confessions of ex/current fast food workers
What is the one song you love wiggling your penis to?
What is one classic/critical-darling movie that you absolutely loathe?
What song you absolutely love, but no one knows because you think it's "embarrassing"?
Doctors of Reddit, what are good books or sources for us to be in the know of the medical profession so we can help our loved ones get the best treatment else just avoid unnecessary treatments
What can you say about your food, but not your S/O?
What do you love more than anything in the world? Why?
You are granted three wishes, but you can’t wish for material gain for yourself or others, or for more wishes. What do you wish for?
What do regret about high school/college?
What does it mean when a women says "We need time time apart from each other"?
What do you love about the sport Cricket??
What was your New Years Resolution, and did you follow through with it?
What games are you hyped for this year?
Upon entering college, when did you realize you wouldn’t miss your family and friends as much as you thought you would?
What does true love feel like?
I have harassed someone.I sent 25 messages to my personal training, saying that I loved him. How can I forgive myself?
If you looked in to your bank account, what amount of money would make you feel comfortable or happy?
In what ways has dating and sleeping with other people behind your significant other's back strengthened your relation?
How'd the world function if clothes could expire like the way food expires.
Restaurant workers, what's the strangest thing that someone's done in order to avoid paying for food?
If the person you're closest to in life turned out to be a compulsive liar, what would you do?
Fappers of Reddit, what is your favorite way to fap?
I want to share my confusion. I'm on Reddit alone and my goal was to find a girl for lust. Too much choice was given to me, but only gays wrote to me, and girls laid out their naked bodies in disorderly manner and rejected me. Then the question is .. Why are they here?
What stupid decisions are you making right now but are not willing to accept your foolishness?
What are some weird song you guys love to jam too?
We got food at home... Stop crying... Alright FINE we’ll stop by McDonald’s, what y’all want?
What was the food that tasted not the way you expected?
Members of Reddit, Are you currently happy with your current partner? And do you see a potential future with them?
What giant food would you want made for you?
Reddit, what appliances are ALWAYS breaking and should be avoided?
What is one thing you are ashamed of doing?
What is the most Passive Aggressive thing you have done/seen? What Happened afterwards?
Help
What do you love, but none of your friends or family does?
What was the food that you hated the most, but absolutely loved after trying it?
What do you say to someone who tries to gatekeep you? Or tells you that what you're doing is "wrong" somehow, according to them?
Has anything ever happened to you that you’d think was a miracle?
What is the best city to live in for a recent college graduate?
The person you love the most is held captive by a tyrannical ruler. You can only save your dearest with the help of an enemy of your country. The invasion will kill many people but your sweet dearest will be returned to you. What would you do?
If you could go back in time, with the only repercussion that you can’t go back forward, where would you go and why?
What is the worst song you have ever heard?
If you could invent any magical spell, what would it do and why?
What beloved movie from your childhood have you revisited and thought, "well that was crap"?
What is something you love but are allergic to or have become allergic to?
What porn cliche happened to you in real life?
Tall people of Reddit, do abnormally high tables bother you like the rest of us normal people?
If your best friend turned into the opposite sex, how would your relationship change?
What is/was your favourite subject in school?
Use this post as a break before going any further down into the weird af questions below...
People who dropped out of school/college, why and what did you do instead?
Pokemon Fans of Reddit, What is your favorite Pokemon and why?
Who loves orange soda?
How did you get over your (assumed) love of your life?
why are we banning plastic straws to “save the turtles” when the plastic that turtles actually mistake for food are plastic shopping bags. why not just have everyone use a biodegradable paper bag or a reusable bag?
You are tasked with creating a game that must be hated by the maximum amount of players as possible. How would you do it?
Who has made a conscious decision to remain a drug addict, because you could afford it and simply loved it. What is your reasoning?
What is your pets personality like?
What are the things in life that you realised you love, very late?
What is the most provocative lyric you've heard? Something that just stirs up angst or love or hate etc.
Vietnamese or Thai speakers, what was the most surprising thing you've heard in a nail salon about you or another customer, when the employee wasn't aware you spoke the same language?
Do you daily wear a personal "uniform," by choice and not for employment? (Like Zuckerberg or Jobs) Why do you do this? How has it positively impacted your life?
What is a video game that everybody loves but you dont?
What videos does YouTube keep persistently recommending you?
If you could own a domesticated animal of any kind, alive or extinct, what animal would you want to own?
What is the most alien or foreign food you've ever eaten?
Keeping in mind that “Idk, what do you think” isn’t a food..... what do you want for dinner?
People who got into a career because they loved it...
[Serious] Doctors of reddit, how did it feel seeing a patient die for the first time?
Introverts of Reddit who found love, what's your story?
Let's start a conversation. How did love and hate start?
What is the funniest memory you have debating with a family member about politics/religion?
Snitches of reddit, why do you snitch?
A genie offers you $50 for every time you vomit as a result of eating bad food. Do you accept this offer? Do you start deliberately eating bad food? Why/why not?
What is the difference between love and passion?
what’s the least-normified subreddit on reddit?
What’s your worst date ever story?
What is your favorite brand of shampoo/conditioner?
What is the scammiest most ineffective product you’ve ever used?
What is the dream that you have had which you are the most ashamed of for having?
Blind/deaf/mute parents on reddit, what kind of challenges have you faced while raising your children?
Do you believe in true love? Why?
What bad movie deserves a second chance reboot/remake?
What food do you hate, but wished you liked?
What are 3 things that make sex different from making love?
What should I name my two new ducklings?
What should be a college degree but isn't? Why do you think so?
Who was the last person you "fell in love" with?
Worst lie you ever told your mom
Martial artists, what was the worst / cheapest move or call that's happened to you in a tournament?
What is the use of insects?
Reddit, what’s your happily ever after story regarding love?
What movie would you love to watch but would probably never exist?
How to focus for an exam? (Fell in love with someone)
Current teachers and current or former students of reddit below a college/university level of education, what is the public school system like in your state or country and what are your hours?
If there is a 5 second rule for food hitting the floor, how many seconds for a contact lens hitting the floor?
Those who didn’t know what to go to college for, how did you decide what to major in?
What do you think is an appropriate time to wake up?
What is something you loved as a child but hate it now?
What moments made you feel like a fat kid in a candy store?
Would you work for a boss that paid/cheated the college admissions process for his/her kids?
what's your college horror story ?
Book lovers of reddit, what’s your all time favorite book ?
Have you interact with a love interest that makes you think, “Wow, I must be in a romantic movie”?
What experiences have yankees fans had wearing their yankees jersey in Boston?
If your all-time favorite fast food meal was proven to be made of rat meat, What would you feel abou it?
What’s your deepest darkest secret that only you know?
How many years are too much of an age gap(lovers)?
Aliens arrive, and mistake you for the leader of Earth...how do you use this to your advantage?
You can eat anything you want for free for the rest of your life, but all food you eat is liquified before you eat it. Do you accept? Why or why not?
Reddit, how do you “fill the void”?
We gotta spread that DunderMifflin love and show that its the best show.
What sub can I post to that will allow me to say that I am a white, college educated female that voted for Trump in 2016, just left a rally and couldn’t be more embarrassed to admit that I voted Republican?
Who can taste a certain food when someone tell you it’s on there
Father’s day is coming up. What’s something dads and guys in general would love to get? Not “20 ideas for the dad who has everything” but something that makes them feel pampered.
Do you think your dogs knows you love it more than most people??
/u/endgame-lover's accidental haiku
With respect to attraction: What is it called when a guy is an 8 on a college campus but a 5 outside of campus in the real world?
/u/AutoModerator on Nobody is sending me interesting facts so imma get a new username, what should I pick?
Why is fast food so good?
What's your favorite drunk food?
What was a fad/lifestyle/philosophy you were into that you look back on and laugh?
My exams are coming up in exactly two weeks, and I'm very bad at learning and planning. How can I properly prepare for my exams?
What weird food combination do you like that you think no one else has tried?
Redditors who experienced signs from loved ones who died recently, how do you explain your experience?
If you could Thanos snap half of something away, what would it be?
[Serious] Believe me, Females of Reddit, what do you love more: cumming or cuddling?
Has Anyone Ever Put Their Penis In Someone’s Else’s Nose?
What are the subtle signs that someone is a psychopath?
People who were on set of cooking shows and got a chance to taste the food prepared by celebrities, how was it?
Kindle users of Reddit, why do you love your kindle?
If you could only eat one type of food what would it be?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of blasting Anime music through speakers out in public everyday?
Abandoned sons of Reddit, how did you deal with your father leaving and finding the truth about it?
You're in a Pokemon world, you're a mother of a teenage boy, he caught a Ditto, and you saw him making love to his Ditto which has transformed into you! What do you do?
What are the most craziest/scariest thing that made you shit your pants?
Thinking of quitting my high paying job to join the Coast Guard. Should I?
What’s a body part that you wouldn’t mind losing ?
What food should I give to my Italian foreign exchange in the USA?
Which video game is the most relaxing to play?
Has there ever been a food you've had that seems to taste different each time you eat it?
People who have their birthday around the holidays, what’s it like having your birthday during that period?
What was your very first thought upon hearing a loved one had committed suicide?
What is your side hustle?
What's a children's book that you still love as an adult?
Fast food drive-thru workers of Reddit, What's your craziest experience with a customer?
Can you name a food that doesn't have the letter "A" and "B"?
Hey reddit book-lovers, what do you think of 'The Einstein Enigma: A Novel' (José Rodrigues dos Santos)? And do you have any suggestions for books of the same kind?
What’s the most suspicious you’ve seen an innocent person act?
What's are things that boys love about girls but girls don't seem to understand?
If you have 5 sick people you really love equally and had the money to operate on one to save their life who would you save ?
Who is one person from all of human history what you would love to have sex with if you had the chance ??
If your next reddit post or comment was your last, what would you want to say?
Hey Reddit! What’s your most treasured piece of furniture?
Readers of Reddit, have you ever fallen in love with the main character of a book? If so, who was it?
What would meatloaf not do for love?
People of Reddit, what's the biggest regret of your life so far?
You ever fell in love with someone you weren't supposed to?
Why everyone is ok to work for trust and love with pets, but not with people?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what's your opinion of your job?
What is something you should be doing right now which you are not doing?
Reddit, what does your perfect sandwich consist of?
What is the dumbest thing you believed?
Americans of reddit.. what are some tasty treats such as different foods that you always see in the UK but find hard to locate in the US?
My bf and I are thinking about opening up a small restaurant/ cafe in LA. What cuisine is LA lacking? What would you personally love to see more of?
Those who were on and off with a ex what happened that ended it for good and why?
Is it normal to have somewhat eerie dreams about a loved one after they pass away recently?
Hey Reddit: What realization had to most profound and positive impact on your life?
What's your best food fact?
Is it possible to find love if you are in your 30s and don't have a job?
What discontinued food item do you wish came back?
What is one food that it seems like no one other than you eats?
Men of reddit, what is some small things you absolutely love in a woman
What's the drunkest thing you ever saw someone do their first weekend at college?
Americans of this sub, why can't you prepare your own food? Why are restaurants so important for some of you?
What is a character you hated at the start of a game but now love after playing?
What are some real ways to make money online?
What makes you love your love ones?
Movie enthusiasts of Reddit, what's one movie you love but other people hate?
When was the first time you were “in love”?
[Serious] What do you genuinely love about america?
Developers of Reddit, What do you love most about programming?
French citizens, what do you learn in your history books about Napoleon Bonaparte? How is he viewed in your culture?
What is stopping you today from doing the things you love?
I’m graduating college today with less than $50 in my bank account and absolutely no idea what comes next. Any words of wisdom for me and my fellow roommates?
What the earliest amount of time that you said “I love you” when dating someone?
What is something a food company does to try and trick us?
What's something that comes from the clouds?
What is a psychological trick to mess with people’s heads?
Is media such as TV responsible for children's hatred of vegetables?
Is sex or love more important to you and why ?
What has your mum done that’s made you go “no one is going to love me like this”?
To the people whose ex "fell out of love". Do they ever fall back?
How did things end up between you and your first love?
What is a bad answer you've heard (or given) in a job interview?
What’s the difference between having a crush and being in love with someone?
Which "not so great" movie you're emotionally attached to?
Who hangs up the phone call, you or the other person on the line?
What’s that one food that you can continue to eat long after feeling full, even knowing your stomach will be hurting later on?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve masturbated?
Those of you who failed to get into a college/university, has your life turned out okay?
Favorite porn scene you would love to live out?
What awful movie do you love?
What is a thing most people hate that you enjoy?
Resistors, if you could leave you life and start anew anywhere in the world, where would you live and why?
Whats a good way to keep 99-100% of heat from entering your room/house from the windows? Bonus question: Could doing multiples of what people suggest work even better than just 1 single suggestion? (or would that somehow make things worse :O) ?
I have a veterinary assistant certificate, worked in a clinic and decided that’s not for me..I love animals and want to help but what’s a good job or field to look into,(not sitting in a clinic all day I want to be out there more active in helping) I’m open to ideas. Anything you can think of?
What subreddit, that you once loved, was killed for one reason or another?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
Why did you decide to leave a log term relationship and what was it like? Did you still love the person?
Ice cream lovers of reddit, care to share the unique Ice cream truck tunes of your part of the world ?
Serial/Anime lovers of reddit do you skip intros/oppenings and why?
What movie from your favorite actor/actress do you wish was never made?
When did you last hear your belly growl?
What food do you believe you could eat for a year every day?
You have a single 1 GB USB drive to give a student fresh out of college. What information would you load on it to help them succeed at their new adult life?
What food gives you the shits?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
Can you share a one-sided love story?
[Serious answers only] Ace and greysexuals of reddit what do want people to understand?
Doctors of Reddit, have you ever been caught eating fast food by one of your patients?
Does anyone have a good idea for a poster with iron man and with somewhere on it "I love you 3000"? I'm planning to make one for my best friends birthday?
Have you failed miserably at something you love? Did you try again? Did you succeeded at some point? Was it worth it?
If your parents died while saving a stranger who is incidentally a potential lover, would you date them? Why or why not?
If there was a special holiday where no foods would affect your body in any way (no calories, sugar, sodium, etc), how would you celebrate?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
What was something that you ordered (food or beverage) the last time you ate at a restaurant?
Why isn’t there a mouse-flavored cat food?
What food do you think is the most overhyped?
People who have been lost in a foreign country with no money, what are your stories and how did you get home
What is the weirdest food combo you can think of that might actually be good?
Non-tech savy people on Reddit, what's the most scary thing that happend to your pc, but wasn't a big deal in the end?
What are you doing after you cut ties from your toxic parents?
Do you feel loved in this world?
What's a band you used to love before they sold out?
Who listens to the best of Backstreet Boys when you're sad that you'll never have the one you love? What's your crybaby story?
What combination foods sounds horrible, but is actually delicious?
What do you second guess yourself about?
Redditors who recently confessed their love to their crush, how did it go ?
What is the worst food you’ve ever had at a wedding?
What will you be- A Ninja in Konoha or a wizard in Hogwarts?
Hopeless romantics of reddit. What is the perfect song to tell someone that you love them and want to be with them, but know that it's best that you don't get back together in the nicest and most poignant way possible?
What is your first love (other than your crush) ?
I love steak sauce. What can I do with it other than dip steak in it?
Am I the only one who really enjoys eating in my car? Maybe it's because theres less human interaction. But on lunch breaks I never go inside, I happily munch my food in my car while watching youtube. But I feel like most people see that as a gross or shameful thing. What do you guys think?
If you could go back in time to college, what would you do differently?
What's *the* statement that summarizes your age bracket perfectly?
What's the best thing that has happened to you today? Or yesterday for those who has just started a new day? I'm just having a rough day and want to hear little lovely happy stories from you guys.
Whats the best fast food Americans?
What food did you eat the most of?
how do you know if you already came to love the person you like? (sorry for my bas english)
What is your favorite tongue twister?
Time for some self love - what's your best positive trait?
What is your ultimate comfort food?
tickling fetish
What are good gifts (over $200, $100-$200, and under $100) for a female HS grad, headed to college, but living with mom?
What is a "poor" food that, no matter how rich you get, you will always enjoy?
Where on earth would the planet of the apes be if it did exist?
How can I survive college and debt without going insane?
adults, do you love your job?
At what point did you think to yourself "i dont love this person anymore"?
When you’re sleep deprived, do you unintentionally make little grunting noises? My dad points it out all the time and I don’t even realize I’m doing it.
Why does the word food appear in goodbye?
Why Can't You Respond to Reviews on IMDB? All I want to do is counter bad reviews against shows and movies I love, especially if the person gives a bad review for an incredibly stupid reason. So Why Can't I Bring them down?
Why do so many people love to criticize others while they themselves have some skeletons in their closet that would damage their reputation?
What has Reddit taught you the most about?
What is your childhood book series that you love or just a single book?
What food tastes great by itself but would taste disgusting on top of rice?
Former Girl Scouts, in what way did the scouts impact your life as an adult? Does it really make a difference on college applications, etc?
Who do you usually imagine is sitting on the other side of the screen when you read a post or comment?
Guys of reddit what was the most bro moment in your life
What movie do you hate that everyone else seems to love?
Whose ass would you love to mount up and ride off into the sunset on and why?
What's your favorite place to order food from?
What one food makes you feel great inside/healthiest?
Like of reddit, what's the most ridiculous reason your defendant got a life sentence?
Hey Reddit, what weird/creative things did you do/eat when faced with food insecurity?
Is there a way to save a drowning bee?
Have you ever thought about how the next generation of kids are going to find an untaken username? LOL
What food takes so much effort to eat but the taste makes it completely worth it?
What's your guilty pleasure song that most would say is terrible but you can't help but love?
What tips would you give to someone who is going to hostel/college dorm for first time?
Is college even worth it anymore?
How I got my wife back after separation. I'm so grateful to a witch that reunited my marriage, called sango priestess who did a love spell to make my wife cancel the divorce and come back to our marriage remorsefully. (Sangopriestesslovesolution @gmail. com) ?
Ex-prisoners of reddit, what were the most ridiculous reasons you went to jail for?
What was the funniest WiFi network name that you’ve ever seen?
What port would you love to see on the Switch?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
We have reached a technological point where the electoral college and indeed most of our government is unnecessary. Why not let the people vote on their phones for what THEY want instead of paying someone else to pretend to represent them?
Before you die or quit gaming, what will you do with your accounts, games, collections, consoles and merchandise?
Parents of reddit, what is the worst thing you found looking through your kids phone?
If your pets could talk to you, what do you think they would say?
What Country do you not like, and why?
History buffs of Reddit, what is a moment in human history that doesn’t get the attention it deserves?
If God lets you change 1 thing, what will it be?
When rating things out of 10. Do you rate them with 5/10 being average, or a failing grade?
People of Reddit, what is your favourite ___ and why? Anything at all, if you love it, shout it from the rooftops!
Who was your first love and how did it end?
What movie part made you fall "in love" with the actor/actress?
What guilty pleasure song/artist do you love that you don't want anybody to know you love?
What tv shows are worth the watch
If you could trade one thing you love for one thing you hate in your life what would it be?
What fictional character did you once love but now hate and why?
Got any protagonists, from any show or book, that you love to hate?
Worst food you’ve ever eaten?
What’s your most upvoted post about?
Can you name a movie that doesn’t have love involved in it?
What would you rather own, Google, Disney, or Amazon?
Parents of Reddit, what are some of your favorite made up curse words?
Why does food taste better when you're hungry?
What will happen to women who prioritize money and status in a partner once sex robots are invented?
Flight attendants of Reddit, what is the strangest thing that you've seen while in the air?
Rap lovers of Reddit. How do people enjoy rap with so many songs focussed on f*cking and flexing one's wealth (I have no experience in this so please educate me)?
People who love to study history/countries/cultures, what’s the weirdest thing about other countries compared to your own?
What do you love about the concentration camps America has for migrants?
What video game do you wish got more recognition?
Dear lovely ladies of AskReddit. What do you think of male anal play? I'm a straight M48 and this will soon go into my ass. Don't worry, I have lube :-D https://imgur.com/xMcEbSG ?
What are some cheap easy food options for one person?
Is there a food that tastes better when cold?(sweets don't count)
What’s a food combination that’s surprisingly good?
What is your favorite fast food and why?
Hey everyone, what's a meal you've thought you'd love to be able to get from a store, but can't, whether that's a ready meal, or something a bit more premium?
Will you show us a picture of your pets?
Managers and employees, what's some taboo things you did to get what you wanted in the fast food industry?
Traveler of reddit. Where is the best place to go?
should i tell my ex that I've fallen in love with her again, slowly over several years? we have kept in touch daily since we have a child together. I have the main care for the kid
To gamers of Reddit, what's that one game that you really love despite it being average at best?
What are some features that men find unattractive on themselves that you find super attractive?
What are some techniques, medications, etc. that you use to help with restless leg syndrome?
What are some examples of foods that smell really bad but taste really good?
Redditors, either during sex or masturbation do you ever just snap out of it and become self aware of the situation, if so what was the result?
Officers of Reddit: what is the primary goal of arriving at a part with suspected underage drinking?
People of reddit, what’s something that’s happened to your food that’s put you off eating that food all together?
Where can I find an affordable foam mattress?
Hey reddit, which country has the best food in your opinion?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a student has done in your class?
What's a healthy food alternative that you think tastes better?
What are your go-to conversation starters that never seem to fail?
What’s the dumbest question you’ve seen posted on this sub and how did you respond?
Americans on Reddit , What's the thing you love about your country the most ?
What's a food combination that sounds amazing but is absolutely disgusting?
What popular or mainstream thing did you resist for a long time for no good reason, that you now love.
What is the most annoying thing another driver has ever done to you?
what would you do something good with €2 billion ?
what is the weirdest food you have eaten or heard of (in your own country)?
Do you look at the seat after flushing?
What's your Best TRUE spooky story? (Serious)
How to ask for love without seeming like begging for attention?
What made up video game from a TV Show, Movie, etc. would you love to play in real life?
Soooo Alabama passed a bill requiring chemical castration for child molesters. Wayment, which one will bring the most pain, chemical castration or using a knife?
What is the worst losing virginity story you know?
How do you deal with unrequitted love or broken heart?
What was your favorite thing to do in highschool/ college?
What would Gordon Ramsay say about your favorite food?
What's something weird you absolutely can't stand?
What's your top 3 comfort foods ?
What is the best thing a college student can do with money they save?
[SERIOUS] What's something you're not supposed to remember, but do and will never tell about?
"Just because you may have fucked the hooker doesn't mean you don't love her or anything"
People who have served/waitressed/waitered in a restaraunt with bad food. How did you deal with customers complaints, and how did you rectify their concerns?
Why do you drink alcohol?
Young adults of Reddit, do you want to get married in the future, and why? If you don't want to be married, why?
What is the most overrated fast food restaurant? Let’s argue...
Theme Park Workers Share Dirty Secrets (r/AskReddit Top Posts)
What is something (food or otherwise) that people love in one form but can’t stand in another?
Redditors who love their job, what do you do and how did you discover your passion?
What weird food combination do you swear by?
Student graduating in 2019 (or any who have already graduated), what advice would you give to incoming freshmen and students?
why aren't you doing what you truly love for a living? [serious]
what food do you use the 5 second rule for every time?
Anyone else still love Chris Brown?
Whats the worst fact about your favorite food?
What are the positive, negative and psychological aspects of the Gulf War and what are the gains and losses that result from them?
People who work at Domino's, what do you actually do during the "Perfection Check" state?
Extroverts of reddit, what annoying things do introverts do?
What food describes your sex life?
What food did you hate as a child but now as an adult you love?
What was the Unexpected Thing happened at a wedding or event you attended?
What is a food combination you love but everyone else thinks is disgusting?
What was your first reddit post that blew up in upvotes?
What is one company that you love that no one knows about?
My husband really loves going down on me, but I’m so uncomfortable during it. It does the opposite of the intention. Help/ideas?
Parents of Reddit: What is the greatest/sneakiest/craftiest lie your parents ever told you or you have told your own kids?
Is gift free or paid ?
What is something you love when your partner does it but hate when anyone else does it?
Anime is just a cartoon. Can you Change my mind?
What is the weirdest recipe for an everyday food you've seen?
Redditors, if the police were ever called to your highschool/college, what was it for? Do you know what happened after?
Which is the best food in the world?
How many times have you been in love?
If you have a pet you use as a therapy animal for others (i.e. hospitals, nursing homes, victims of mass shootings, etc), what kind of effects do they have on the people in question? Do you think that using pets for that should be implemented more often?
What did you do that seemed like a good idea, but turned not be to be?
How can I get my college to reverse their admission decision?
What did you learn in a past relationship that has helped you in the present?
[Serious] Would a $10,000 lump sum change your life? What would you spend it on?
Suggestions please!! I have lost interest in foods. It started with eggs, Now it has moved onto all meat, pasta, salads, veggies etc. I can only eat toast and my pre-workout shake. Everything else makes me gag while eating or thinking about it. I have no insurance to see a doc.
'Muricans: why does such a large percentage of self-proclaimed lovers of Jesus H. Christ in the USA display unwavering support and adoration for Donald J. Trump?
Music lovers of Reddit, what song is your guilty pleasure?
You get a really bad tumor and only have 24 hours to live. What do you do over that time? What do you change? How do you fade after the 24 hours? Where? And how?
What is a loved TV show in your country that the rest of the world doesn't know about?
The role of effort in going from “being in love” to “loving”
What’s the one thing you like about something you hate?
What is the best response to I love you?
If you could eat a food for the rest of your life and it meant that it wouldn't affect your health, what food would it be?
Trader Joe’s vs. Whole food in terms of quality and price?
Reddit what foods did you hate as a kid, but now absolutely love as an adult?
Why do so many fast food organizations have such a hard time hiring good employees while companies like Chick-fil-A seem to hire people who provide excellent service?
What do you do with a drunken sailor?
If you saw god and only had 5 minutes to ask him one question, what would you ask him?
What is one thing that can cheer you up?
What is something you find super satisfying (perfect fits, soap carving, etc)?
What was your “forbidden” love story? How did it turn out in the end?
How do you let go of someone you love, but doesn’t love you back?
why isn't anyone using '♻' this emoji for threesome. but they use 🔄 this for 69.
My new job just pushed my start date a week back. I'm broke and running short on everything. What should I do with my time?
Just read "May you have an American house, Japanese wife, and Chinese food" - What can we add? German employees? Italian lover?
Did an accident or a disease already prevent you from doing what you love ? How did you overcome it ?
What is something you want to do but know you'll never have the money for?
Aliens stumble across a dead Earth and the only remnant of human life is your last google search. What do they think of us?
Do you believe that friends "have to" break up when the friendship is over or do you think that there is no need for closure when it comes to friendship? Why?
"Why don't we take the needy pets who will be killed from that one commercial and send them to those hungry kids who will die in that other commercial?" - /r/AskReddit (+1521) [June 27, 2011]
We get angry at pets for being loud but they always put up with our noise.. Why?
What is that thing you used to do and love but now hate ?
Parents, what moment made you question your child's intelligence?
What are healthy foods/meals that actually taste amazing?
Why did you distance yourself from your family?
Would you recommend taking 5 classes for my first year of community college? (goal is transferring to a 4 year university to obtain a bachelors, i’m trying to follow the cognitive psychology prerequisites)
After just failing all but one exam and being disappointed, what makes you disappointed?
Every time I get a cut or scratch, without fail, it will leave a scar or some sort.
What are some ways to support a spouse or loved one going through therapy?
What's your, 'If you love someone, let them go' story?
What’s the worse case of bad driving or road rage you’ve experienced?
What are some weird food combinations you think people should try?
What video game has the best tone of you?
I have 3.50. What food can I buy that will last a long time?
Lawyers of reddit, what is the worst case you had to defend ?
What food are you craving?
What was the weirdest true thing a child has told you?
People who work or have worked the drive-thru at fast food restaurants, what do you want everyone to know?
When did kanye west become shit?can you estimate a date plz?
If you could own the most beautiful mansion with never ending food and drinks but it was in the middle of the Sahara Desert, would you love there? Why or why not?
What’s something/someone everyone seems to love but you just can’t stand? Could be a food, song, celebrity, etc. anything.
What's the most useless fact you know?
Which pets can be left alone?
[Serious] How many days do you go without orgasm before it starts affecting your behavior, and how does it actually change you?
People who have made/experienced a “grand gesture” of love, what happened? And did it work out?
What was something that you were forced to do that you ended up really liking?
Police Officers of reddit, what is the most fucked up or scary experience while on duty?
You get a limitless amount of spending money but you're only allowed to use it for traveling purposes (all foods, items, and everything else must be purchased using your own money) where do you go first and why?
Global food WrestleMania. What would be the best dish each country has to offer?
Pet mice owners, are they good pets and is there anything important one should know before purchasing one?
Owners of dangerous pets, have you ever been bitten, poisined, or in some way injured by them?
Reddit, what's the weirdest food you've ever had?
when is violence ever necessary?
I love Oompaville so much i wanna kill myself??
What do you love about your favorite novel?
Redditors who work in the same company as your current or former significant other, what’s the experience like?
I’m just about to leave college. What ‘life advice’ would you give me?
On the couch... One food, one movie, one drink - what's your combination for an awesome movie night?
What’s a song that you love from a genre of music you typically dislike?
People of Reddit what is your best Funfact whith which you can always amaze or creep out others?
Meat eaters of Reddit, how can you eat meat from the grocery store but get so upset about the thought of people hunting or farming their own food?
[serious] Chemical engineering students/workers, what was your biggest difficulty during the college?
Why can't I get attached to anyone in a relationship and why does no one love me?
What do you think about breaking up with someone you love because their family hates you?
Fast food workers, what is the worst item to order at your respective restaurant but seems to be popular?
How would you make me laugh using as few words as possible?
People who live in a big city where there are lots of people walking around, what’s the strangest thing you’ve overheard?
(Serious) In your opinion, what tv show/movie did you love that was severely underrated?
What do you think is the biggest bra size in the 2019 woman’s World Cup?
Music lovers of Reddit, what are bands that you listen to which have the same vibes as Florence + The Machine?
What if Shadow Godzilla (https://www.deviantart.com/spinolover1180/art/Shadow-Godzilla-800510887) was real?
What thread should be removed?
What's the book that made you love reading?
What kind of food intolerance do you Surfer from and is it difficult to live your life with it?
If you ate 5 pounds worth of food for a million dollars, what food what it be?
What’s your kink that you are either ashamed of or not ashamed of and why.
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have a good hearty butt eating session with and why?
What is your favourite comfort food when you feel down?
Do you ever truly love more than once?
What child shows you loved creep you out now?
Redditors who received a perfect or almost perfect GPA​ in college, what was your secret?
What are some weird food combinations that doesnt make sense to you but its really good to taste?
So guys I was looking for some good games under 100 mb for my laptop, what games do you recommend I download?
Is reddit's structure an inherent flaw in that activists can infiltrate a sub and post objectionable content? What controls do the mods have against this? Wouldn't a matter as serious as quarantine demand some sort of oversight to ensure sabotage is ruled out?
Have you had a bad fast food experience?
What movie plot or scene aged the worst?
You enchant an item in your home, what can it do now besides its intended purpose?
What’s a food that you loved as a kid, but now find repulsive?
I’m a korean guy in California and my parents told me “I love you” for the first time and I’m feeling weirded out by this. Am I weird for thinking that?
[r/AskReddit] Teachers of reddit, what are some of the weirdest things you’ve confiscated from a student?
What is a major mainstream hobby or item that is massively loved, but you absolutely just don't "get"?
What’s your favorite anime representation of Merlin?
How much of an affect do you think free college in America would have on military enlistment?
What favorite food do you have to order online because you can never find it in stores?
Who’s your celebrity crush?
Hey uni grads! What's a good gift to give someone going off to college and living on their own for the first time?
What's one thing you love about your country, and one thing you'd like to see improved?
Fellow Gamers of Reddit. What is one game you hate, but all your friends seem to love?
What is love? Can we love someone with out getting hurt?
Married folks, what a major or minor thing you absolutely hate about the love of your life?
Redditors who love their job, what makes you love it?
How exactly does a college fraternity work, and what usually happens inside a frat, and also what's with the whole Greek thing?
What’s a fairly unknown film/TV series that you love to tell people about?
Is hotdog a sandwich?
If you get home schooled, how is it determined what college/university you can get into?
Where do you think you're going to meet the love of your life ?
How and when did you know that you loved your SO? How did you tell them you loved them?
What was your first experience with a PC and when?
What's the best/funniest thing a character said in a game?
Whats the nastiest thing you've done?
What kind of food do people in space eat?
How do you deal with missing your loved one who is away for a relatively long time?
Doctors of reddit, what is the most annoying thing your patients do during appointments?
If your murdered body could not be identified by the usual means such as face, teeth or fingerprints, what is some obscure way a loved one might identify your body?
What hobby, activity, or media did you love as a kid that you still love today?
What would you do if given free food for a month?
What are the nicest sub reddits you are apart of?
People of Reddit, how often do you eat out, excluding fast food restaurants, and why?
Reddit, what is love?
What if you found an incredibly illegal item and put it in your house, then just before you call the police you coincidentally get raided and searched for a separate false report?
If you could pick only one to cure, between Cancer and Alzheimer’s which would you choose?
I'm about to finish HighSchool and I'm going to college. What advice would you give to a someone who is about to go to college and what advice would you give to someone after college?
People who chose not to, or were unable to attend college, how did you maintain old friendships with those who did, or make new ones?
What is one food that people hate but you love?
What is bad comedy?
what’s something you used to love when you were younger but hate now ?
If you found out your biological father was a jailed serial killer, would you contact him?
Fallout players of Reddit, what is your favorite moment in the fallout series?
How has the game Grand Theft Auto affected the world?
What do you think would be to much food for a day (give food examples)?
Managers of reddit, what are some advantages that could help someone who now is going to college, who wants to study managament (in europe)?
[Serious] How did a past lover/fling break your heart without cheating on you?
what the most grosses thing you learned?
Doggos of Reddit who speaks English what was it like going to war with whales?
How do you create the text effects?
Some call it bleeding love.. why do women bleed.. what’s the real reason?
You're given $3 a week to survive on food, how do you do it?
Redditers that are in the food industry, what is the grossest thing you’ve seen someone do in the kitchen?
What’s a disgusting/weird looking food that actually tastes good?
Music lovers of Reddit, what is the draw to your favorite genre?
If a restaurant had the most delicious impeccable food known to man, but gave you diarrhoea everytime you ate food from there, would you continue to eat there?
You can be a non loving human or a human with a short life span, what do you choose and why?
What is something that has the potential to improve life as we know it... but is currently underutilized?
Why should or should not one go to college and do not answer because one can get a good job?
You’re stranded on an island and here’s what you’re stuck with: your last missed call, the most recent food item you purchased at the gas station and your camping supplies are the items pictured in your most recent saved photo. How do you survive?
When food hits the floor there is a 5 second rule. How many seconds when your contact lens hits the floor?
Redditors who have graduated college: What is one thing you feel you didn’t take advantage of fully during your time at university?
How do you feel about a rule where content that has been reposted 70 times is only allowed in a dedicated subreddit?
What food/drink did you hate as a child, but love now?
What’s a food combination that sounds disgusting until you try it?
How did you get over a lost love?
My best friend and I recently got together and said I love you today. Anyone else have something amazing happen today?
What food divides your life into before and after you first ate it?
Former competitive HS or college athletes who have played with or against current pro athletes, what was that experience like?
Which product does everyone have the same preferences towards?
Redditors who are still married after 30+ years, how long have you been married and what is marriage and love like now compared to the beginning?
is someone bad if they don’t take their pets to get monthly checkups at the vet?
What’s the most trippiest thing you’ve seen while sober?
What's your fast food horror story?
What happens if a teacher loses a test in Highschool.
Troll factory workers of Reddit, how much do you get paid to destroy civilisation?
History lovers of Reddit, what is your favorite story of WWII, as told by your Grandparents, or other elderly people, who experienced the war first-hand?
What are your most profound ways to tell someone you love them with only one sentence?
Roses are red, violets are blue. When push comes to shove, did you ever see your parents making love?
You are in eternal heaven with a non-human humanoid creature that loves you so much fucking you. What thing is it humanoid of?
Listening to a podcast called “the things we do for love” and it’s all about the cringey things you did in the past when you fancied someone, so not necessarily in a r/s with. What are the cringiest things you did?
If you're hesitating on cutting off that toxic family member, why?
Parents of reddit what are some parent hacks/tips you can give us?
What makes you stay in love with someone after the initial fall?
What is the thing that you think is overrated (secretly) but that is loved by everyone else? Why is that the case?
Gush to me about something you love!
Anybody else feeling like we're in the twilight zone?
What was that one incident that happened in college?
Which song do you wish never existed?
What is one food that you cannot stand to have refrigerated?
What is the worst thing you’ve done/seen someone do at a work place?
What was your most recent lie?
A cure that cured all and any infections, diseases, and disabilities
Can you have a crush on someone in your friend group and still be friends after a confession?
[Serious] How many athletes, on average, tryout for the Olympics but don't make it?
If you could see the pile of garbage you personally have created in your life, how large would it be?
If reality TV isn't actually reality, what happens to the couples who "find love"?
Using ONLY food, how would you describe the shape and size of any chosen body part?
Employers of Reddit, how can I make my resumé more attractive having left college without doing any extra curricular activities?
What gets you downvoted on reddit?
Pet lovers of Reddit, what was your "Do you really keep your pets like that?!" moment?
Asking for a friend, how small does your penis have to be to be classified as « micropenis »?
People who have found contaminated candy/sealed food, how did you know or realize afterwards?
What is the most hurtful thing you've said to someone you love and did you regret it?
What are some examples where the movie was better than the book?
Do you ever fake look at something in the grocery store while waiting for someone else to move away from the section you really want to look at?
What would you love to erase from existence?
What is a popular local food that the rest of the world should know about?
Redditors, what is a food that you did not like as a kid but enjoyed as you grew older?
What’s your biggest “I told you so” moment?
What would you love to rant about, but never got the opportunity to?
People who hated high school: what was the worst part?
What is the story of the pets you lost?
Redditors who have pets; How had your life been different without them?
What is your favorite food that you may never be able to eat again?
Have any of you experienced intense Friendships and passionate platonic love for a friend (not romantically)?
If you had to choose between having to leave someone you were in love with (&amp; they loved u back) to pursue your dreams or being with that person and sacrificing your dreams, what would you choose and why?
Whatvare the type of matter for example dark, anti and etc.?
I responded to a recent askreddit post about how people make friends outside of school and work. Think it belongs here too. We are incredibly lucky to be part of the amazing, wordwide, community that is Ultimate. Id love to hear stories from people who have had similar experiences.
How do you say goodbye to a loved one you're not that close to?
Why does my internet fail a download at around 2.5GB of download?
Booklovers of Reddit, what is the best book and the worst book you've read this year?
I’(m) a straight guy who loves painting my toenails.. am I weird?
How do you become friends again with someone you are in bad terms with?
There is a fire in your house. You can only bring a total of 5 things with you, everything else will be burned (not family members, friends, or pets, assuming they make it out), what would you bring and why?
[serious] Those that made the leap between Android/iOS, what do you love about your new OS? What do you miss most?
Storytellers of reddit what is your best story?
[Serious] What's your opinion on unconditional love? Do you believe in it?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had with a fast food restaurant?
Alcohol lovers of Reddit, what's your most epic drunk moment?
Redditors, What is the worst food you tastedade by someone for you? What was your reaction?
My 17yr old daughter's first love is moving across the country. She sobs nightly as there are only two weeks to the inevitable. Redditors: How can I help her through this?
What do you love/hate about your cultural representation in mainstream media? (Movies, tv shows, etc)
If you and your spouse were to seperate who is entitled to keeping the pets?
What are some good jobs that make a lot of money without going to college?
Do you think that parents should help to support their kids through college in some way if they are financially able to? Why or why not?
going out with a senior, what to do?
What is your cringe worthy"but I love him/her" story from your youth?
What simple, basic food satisfies you every time without fail?
If your life was movie, what would the trailer look like?
[Serious] What is the biggest event you witnessed with your own two eyes that made the news?
Children of divorced parents, what impact did meeting mom or dads new love interest too quickly in their relationships have you on? (&gt;6 months)
People who found your passion in life, describe the moment you thought "I love this".
What is a food combination you tried convinced it would be really good, but turned out to be “meh” or pretty gross.? Or an alternate question: A gross seeming food combination you tried that was actually really good?
Chefs, food critics, and the like of reddit: What are the best ways to find good food while traveling? Are awards like Michelin Stars a good method? What about review sites like Google maps?
Couples who love each other very much, what are some tips for keeping the relationship long lasting?
[Serious] What's the creepiest Wikipedia page/story you've ever encountered?
People with weird nicknames known throughout school, town, communities ect... What was it and how did you get it?
Hello everyone. What is the worst post you have made on Reddit, and how did the Internet react?
What kind of pets do you have other than a dog or cat?
Preferred method of watching porn on mobile?
What piece of information that is generally accepted by most people as fact is actually wrong?
What type of non-monetary rewards would you, fellow writers, like to receive from a publishing platform?
When did you first say "I love you" to your SO?
What was the last text message you sent to a loved one before they died?
If you could sum up 90’s music in a few powerful words, let me hear it?
What is a good trick to regain one's love for reading?
What is the worst thing your family member has done?
What food smells bad but tastes great?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
What is one class in high school/college that you didn’t take but would like too given the opportunity?
What are the pros and cons of finding love in Reddit?
Urgent! Sound the Shofar!! Rapture Now!!! The Door is closing!!!!?
That person you love the most, what are your reasons for loving them?
What is food you would make a long roadtrip for to get?
What new unwritten rule does Reddit desperately need?
Breakfast eaters of reddit, what is your favorite breakfast food?
Partners, how do you deal with your partner having a different love language than you?
[Serious] Is there any food item which gets spoilt if refrigerated? Not considering items that have crossed their expiration date or things that have been meddled with prior to refrigerating it?
What messed up secret are you keeping from your loved ones?
Reptile owners, do you feel as though your pets have individual “personalities”, and if so, what emotions have you observed from them?
What was one time someone who has a large amount of knowledge turn out to be completely wrong?
r/askreddit
What Disney movie can you not watch anymore?
Let’s argue: if a hotdog CAN be considered a sandwich and ice cubes in water CAN be considered a soup, what others foods can be classified in different ways?
If you could send a single text back in time, what would you say and who would you send it to?
What unexplained mystery would you love to know the answer to?
After pooping, do you wipe from the back or between the legs towards the genitals?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what is something the average consumer doesn’t know?
What's the most unexpectedly delicious combination of food items?
Ladies of Reddit why do you like hoodies much?
What is the greatest true love song in your opinion?
What is the craziest/silliest thing you’ve seen or heard of drawn up in a contract?
People who live in different countries, what's the weirdest food you've had from another country, what was so weird about it?
Dude in a bitching suit of armour walks up to you and bitch slaps you with a leather glove and says "I Challenge You!". You're shocked, startled; but now you must act. What do you do?
Americans, what should foreign visitors do/don’t do when visiting your state?
Parents of Reddit. What game(s) that your child showed you, do you now play more than them?
LGBT+, what do you love about being LGBT+?
What's a good YouTube rabbithole to explore?
What is the food that when you eat it you think, "this is gonna put me in an early grave."?
Recommendations for grain free, healthy but tasty dog food?
What are the best unlikely food combinations?
Is it possible for a comment to get more likes than the post it’s commenting on?
Which fast food menu item is grossly under appreciated?
What would you do if someone you loved constantly broke their promises?
Dear Marriage Counselors of Reddit, your always asking people about there relationships but what about yours?
[Serious] What's your love-life drama?
What is something that you absolutely love that would be in being a man worse?
What song do you love to exercise to?
People who have seen ghosts/spirits of loved ones, what is your story?
[Serious] Minor celebrities of Reddit, what makes you think you’re a minor celebrity?
What is some good food that most people probably haven't even eaten?
Redditors that have SO's (the lucky ones) what is the worst thing your SO has done?
What sound do you love most?
Just what exactly do inquiring minds want to know?
What's a movie you just love watching over and over, that's actually a really bad movie.
Do you tell your SO that you love them every single day? Why or why not?
ULPT: If you want to never pay for a drink or food while flying, use a credit card that is deactivated and declines. The WiFi in the air doesn’t pick it up until it’s processed days later. Airlines literally don't care enough to collect the money afterwards.
[SERIOUS] What are some of the best ways to learn a new language, without having to pay for classes at a college?
Owners of pets considered "dangerous", what do you want to tell the people who get scared of them?
Why wasnt Steve Irwin a vegetarian?
Is love at first sight really love or something else ?
What do you love the most?
If i hate someone who loves me, and we both go to heaven, do I have to tolerate them and ruin my heaven or what?
Do you believe that I've got the love?
What foods do you love the taste of, but smell absolutely disgusting to you? Or Vice-versa.
What are the most overrated YouTube channels you have come across?
The year is 1996 and it’s a Friday night, what would you be doing?
How do you get some blueberries?
With all the advances in video technology, why do all the UFO sighting videos out there look so crappy?
Going to be my first day working at Carl’s Jr. tomorrow, can any past/ present employees give me some pointers for being a Cashier or Cook, or even a fast food restaurant in general?
What's the most ridiculous serving suggestion for a particular food?
Fallout players of Reddit, if you gained your character's S.PE.C.I.A.L stats irl, how would that impact your life?
What did you "experiment" with in college?
What’s something you’re nostalgic for that no one else seems to be nostalgic for?
If you could do it all over again, what would it be?
What's the best username you've seen on Reddit?
What are the books which you totally not recommend to read?
What is an odd smell that you love but others seem to hate?
I want to get into selling feet pictures, any advice on how to start and get customers?
What are your thoughts on Doctors?
What should be my magnesium glycinate dosage? 2 at once after eating or separate them out? Bottle suggests take 2 daily once or twice with food, a bit unclear?
What is a superpower you would love to have, and why?
What was the most ridiculous rule your school had?
People of Reddit, what is one thing you wish you would have done in your teenage years?
Is it possible to obtain PTSD from a recent toxic relationship?
What's your favorite part of the newspaper?
What’s the worst you’ve ever been friendzoned by a love interest?
Why are racism and sexism becoming more prevalent topics, despite them being at all time lows in the U.S.?
People of Reddit, what was the dumbest reason you’ve cried?
Ex lovers of Reddit what was the craziest or weirdest thing your Ex did that made you brake up with them?
You are given one day to spend 3 million dollars, if you do not spend every last cent you lose it all, how do you proceed?
What movie do you love that most people hate?
What are some unusual / unlikely animals that make loving and affectionate pets
What is a food or activity that is hated by most people, but those that enjoy it are extremely passionate about it?
Which candy do you still love from yours childhood days to till now?
What’s something unique about yourself that you like/love?
What is your worst fast food restaurant experience?
Where do you hide during the purge to ensure you survive?
People of reddit that you’re in love, what are the signs and hints that you show to the person you like?
Who was that teacher in your school everybody seemed to love?
What’s the prime moment where you realized that you weren’t a child or a teenager anymore?
What's your food related way to insult someone?
What are some foods that you’ve experimented combining that actually ended up tasting good?
Chick-fil-A employees, every time I walk in it looks like you guys are really happy. What's it like working there?
What are some ways to tell/show someone you love them?
Paying for college
Are you with your 'love at first sight'?
Does anyone make food handling gloves for people with only 3 fingers?
Maybe I’m old...maybe bc I have no idea what is going on in the world but why does everyone love Keanu Reeves so much?
People whose family only consists of two members, what happened to everyone else?
When did you know you were in love, was there a precise moment?
How come with 23 millions subscribers just here there is no post with 1 million Post Karma yet anywhere on Reddit and that current all time top is only 283K?
What combination of food item sounds weird but actually tastes good?
Deride your college life in one sentence?
Members of reddit, what is the worst case of public school "food" that you've ever had?
Those who were popular in high-school and/or college; What are your thoughts on today’s nerd culture (comic books, video games, marvel movies, D&amp;D, etc.)?
What is something you loved to eat as a kid that would make you gag today?
Reddit, what youtube channel that you watch do you think deserves more love?
What is something that every college student should know?
When did you know you were in love?
What are the most unapologetic (when someone breaks something or makes a mess etc but doesn't seem to care) situations that you have ever witnessed, especially by females?
What are some useless facts that your brain decides it wants to remember instead of something actually useful?
What kind of car do you drive and how much do you spend on gas per week?
What is your least favourite food?
From your experience, when in a relationship is it best to say “I love you” for the first time?
What is love?
The food you’ve always wanted to eat, fictional or not, is right in front of you for your consumption. What is it, and why?
Not being an American, let alone a New Yorker, this may be a dumb question but.... am I the only the only one that thinks how weird it is that no one in Friends (TV show) ever locks their door, being that New York was such a dangerous city in the 90's?
What kinds of things does a spouse who’s a bully do to make you feel completely worthless and unloved?
What little details do you add to your food that make it way better?
How do I find true love?
80s and 90s babies, what was your favorite cartoon show growing up?
What is a big flaw in a movie or a game that you love? How did you first notice it and how do you keep it from ruining your love for it?
Would you pay to have your favourite comedian explicitly narrate your favourite sport?
What’s one song that helps you cope with stress?
If one were to grant that climate change was occurring, and that nothing would be done to address it; Over the next 50 years, what do current trends suggest would be the worst-case scenario, and where would be the best place to live to avoid food/water shortages and natural disasters?
People who have had to pull the plug on a loved one, how was that experience? [serious]
Whats one thing you love about a culture different to yours?
People of reddit,What are some tricks or cheap things i could do to lower my food budget?
Anyone else have a crush on Emma Watson? What do you love most about Emma Watson?
What do people love about you?
What is your favorite Vietnamese food except Pho, Banh Mi and Summer Rolls?
Why is your significant other possibly a serial killer?
Adults of Reddit, what is something that is simple/kind of stupid that you associated with being an adult as a kid or teenager?
What do you contemplate the most about?
What food/drink item can you only buy in your neck of the woods?
People of Reddit who have pets, what's something people tend to do to your pet that annoys the hell out of you?
People of reddit that are allergic to a certain food and got tested by someone to see if you were just picky, how'd that turn out?
Parents of Reddit: what is the one thing your child could do that would cause you to not love or support them anymore?
What do you love the most about your significant other?
Teenagers of Reddit, what do you wish your parents would understand about you or your choices in life?
Restaurant employees, what are some horror stories about what goes into our food?
What’s your “you don’t find love, love finds you” story?
What lovely piece of news you love to tell someone?
People who have recently graduated from high school or college, how are you doing?
You get to decide what Keanu Reeves and Elon Musk are eating for every meal of the day together. What's on todays menu?
What advise can you give to a Korean who has never been to America and going there this fall for college?
What are some absolute must have items for going to college?
What was a fear you had as a kid that when you got older realized was irrational?
How do you help someone who has mental health issues but refuses to get therapy?
What is your stalker story?
Gamers of Reddit, what game made you rage the most?
Does Anybody Else Collect Military Manuals?
People of Reddit, if you had to eat at least one gigantic food item or else a giant will eat you, what would it be?
Awaken my love by childish gambino
Sex workers become fall in love to customers
Fast food workers of Reddit, what would you order from your respective workplaces and what would you advise against ordering?
What is the best fast food restaurant
Why do you guys love Keanu Reeves?
Newlyweds of Reddit, what is married life like?
How would you feel if your romantic love/interest was cutting themselves?
What type of food do you refuse to eat? And why?
Assuming an adequate supply of water, what one food would help someone survive the longest on a deserted island?
How much do you care about things being "authentic" such as food from a certain culture?
What is one unwritten rule that everyone follows?
You die and your loved ones get access to your reddit account. What part of your reddit history/subscriptions would make them question if they actually knew you?
(Serious) Who do you have a crush on at the moment? Could you possibly confess your love to them or are they uninterested or taken?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done for payment? Whether it was money, food, a secret etc,.
What is the worst food you've ever eaten?
When did you realize that you are worthy of being loved and that you are much more than you think you are?
What town did you grow up in and what is something that you love about it and you never found anywhere else?
what did you want to say to that one "annoying kid in class" but was too shy to say?
With the way society is leaning towards, the term "master bedroom" will probably replaced. What other names do you know of, or alternative names that you think could be used?
Which food delivery service pays drivers the best? What are some things they don't tell you on the websites that potential drivers should know?
What would be tasty food if consumed over rice?
What's your favourite Reddit thread of all time?
Does Panda Express offers real-original Chinese food?
Formerly underweight redditors, what was the most surprising change after gaining weight?
What is the dumbest, more out there, probably illegal, idea/story that you have from you teenage/college years?
If you could take credit for writing one popular song, what song would it be?
People of Reddit, what are some must have apps that greatly help to improve daily life?
People of Reddit what is your food fetish???
Do you put ketchup on your food or on the side?
What was the most disgusting hotel you have ever been in?
I missed the whole Youtube and video blogger craze. I love playing video games and watching TV shows, but I've tried to get into channels where you watch random strangers play video games and watch TV shows. They're super popular so I feel like I'm missing something. How do I enjoy them?
you now have to chose what Youtuber gives you everything they own(including there Channel). witch one do you chose?
What’s your favorite family board game and why?
What's a food that tastes NOTHING like how you would expect based on its appearance?
If you were forced to kill one person you love, who would it be
What makes someone a “first love”?
What's a noise that just makes you cringe in pain?
What song have you successfully found after searching for it for almost all your life?
How effective is making daily goals that you have to try to do each day?
What's a food you don't like that surprises other people?
What are some good stay at home jobs after college?
How high are your standards with regard to your love interest ?
Pizza lovers/paranoid people of Reddit; before you recyle or throw out the box, do you rip off the tags w/ your name and number on it?
A post on r/AskReddit about "regretting meeting an online friend" triggered me to send a an angry tweet about at an old online friend of mine. This resulted in dozes of my old, genuinely nice online friends sharing their love and support.
You’re stuck on a desert island for ten years. A plane rescues you and you have your choice of any drink after years of coconut water. What’s your first choice when you get home?
What is the best late night food in your hometown?
Which conspiracy theory do you kinda hope is true?
What kind of beans?
What is the crazy thing that happen to you in a fast food restaurant?
What strange food do you like?
Does anyone have any interesting food combinations?
Dear Reddit, do you ever use/ mess with Music EQ (equalizers)?
Why don't you belive love exist?
What's your biggest "I should have done something moment"?
What food or dish do you like making more than eating?
Will humans ever adapt so much to eating unhealthy food to where we evolve to be able to stay thin?
What sound do you love?
My best friend's grandpa passed today, and I don't really know how to cheer him up. I've tried everything I can think of, so any suggestions of how to make him feel better?
What was your worst, "I thought you did that" moment?
What is the worst thing your siblings have done to you?
Why do girls love my friends muscles so much?
What is the best job you have ever worked and why?
What's the app that you constantly download and delete and why?
What mistake did you make, but was able to fix before anyone noticed?
What conspiracy theory do you believe and why do you believe it?
Are people with pets 'pet parents' or 'pet owners'?
Which side character should have been the main character?
How does love contribute to your sex life?
What are some secrets from fast food places you've worked at that you think we should know?
Insurance brokers of Reddit, whats claims have you heard that made you think "yeah, this is fraud"
What has been the worst thing that has ever happened to you
Business owners of Reddit, what was your "oh shit we're doomed" moment that turned out to benefit your company?
Not love
Hey Reddit! What is love?
men of reddit, have you ever put your dick inside of a food item? (fruit etc)
What is the grossest thing you’ve seen while working at a restaurant/fast food place?
What foods or drinks to you HAVE to take on a road trip?
What's your worst experience with spicy food?
What happend to your parents when they grew old? Could they live alone? And how did problems with elderly people affected you and your family?
What’s the worst food or drink to vomit?
What is something everyone else hates to do but you love to do?
People who don't believe in white privilege. Do you believe in black disadvantage?
What's a food you can binge, then get sad you can't eat anymore because you're full?
What inanimate object have you treated poorly?
Why do sluts not expect to be raped?
What’s a funny name for a group chat of food connoisseurs?
Fellow autistic people of reddit what is one social norm you really wished that you never picked up on in your youth that you wish you were taught?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what common mistakes do people make with their pets?
What’s one thing you find really weird that never fails to make you nostalgic over lost loved ones?
How do you politely tell someone you love that something they do is obnoxious?
What's your all-time favourite line from a TV show or movie?
What are some good “weekend jobs” to do that can boost someone’s income?
🎶"I would do anything for love but I won't do THAT." In your world, what's THAT?
What's the best Minecraft seed you've ever played?
People of reddit. What is your story about how you met your soul mate/love of your life but... You could not be with them, and why not?
Programmers of Reddit: What's the most annoying thing about the programming language you use?
Women of Reddit, if you ever did, how did you try and make a person fall in love with you?
What classic novel would be the most improved by replacing the main character with Garfield?
[Serious] What song or album do you love but can no longer listen to due to the memories you associate with it?
Men of Reddit you get an extra 1.5 inches but every love making session includes a squeaky headboard. Do you choose to accept?
/u/AutoModerator on What is love?
What other anomalys would taste good just like chocolate rain?
Fast food workers, what’s a company policy that actually impressed you when you first learned about it?
Any interesting food combos?
in school where you bullied and why
Parents who don't love their kids, why ?
What’s the best college in the USA
Veterinarians who have put down pets, what has been the most heart touching moment you’ve witnessed?
Dear lovely ladies of ARAD. What do you think of male ass play? I'm a straight M48 and this will soon go into my ass. Don't worry, I have lube :-D https://imgur.com/xMcEbSG
The sex wasn't great, heck it wasn't even good.
What are some tips u can give to someone just starting college (asking for a friend,lol)?
I was in a relationship with someone I truly loved for 4 years. Why was it so easy to get over them and the breakup?
Would you eat the food after a fly has been on it? Why?
What smell brings back the best memories for you and what are those memories?
Why has college become so expensive? It seems cost increases outpaced inflation. Why?
Older-Than-Average Redditors (35+), what do you admire about younger generations?
What is the worst movie you have ever watched at the theater?
People living outside there home country, Are you treated like an outsider and think of going back to your country even if you are liking it here?
What's a question you'd love to answer but hasn't been asked yet?
What is typical tailgate food in your country?
What "basic bitch" thing/product/activity do you unapologetically love?
Have you ever tried Indian food and what is your favourite?
What is your favourite subreddit?
College students and graduates, what things you wish you bought before moving to college dorms?
What is the oldest tradition you can think of that's still in practice?
What is a strange food combo, that is actually tasty?
What are some small foods that fill you up quick?
What did you eat as a child that you loved, but realize now was actually kind of strange?
What food combinations do you love that seems disgusting?
What's you fav combo food other people find disgusting?
What’d you do to make it through college?
How and when did you get over being cheated on by the woman you loved?
What confirm that your love towards someone is true ?
What's a genre of music that doesn't get enough love?
What is a food that you hate the smell of, but love the taste of?
What is your favorite food and why?
What product looks or smells like food, but is not intended to be eaten?
As a white american, I think a reason why it's hard for me to understand or empathize with other cultures is because I don't feel like I belong to one. I don't identify with people simply because they look or sound like me. Do white americans have a "culture" and I just can't see it?
What is an unattractive trait that makes you instantly not like a person?
It’s easy to hate on periods, but ladies, what is something you love about being a woman?
[Serious] Family Lawyers of reddit, what is the worst way you’ve seen someone get custody of a child?
You start peeing rainbow colours and reddit and no doctor has any answers why. Keanu Reeves approaches and asks that you make rainbow babies wit him. Do you accept, and why or why not?
What rules would be included in the fast-food drive-thru customers’ bill of rights?
What's the weirdest/most unacceptable food combinations you've seen people make?
What are things emo computer geeks say?
What’s something (food, celebrity, song, anything) that most people love but you can’t stand?
If your loved ones turn into a zombie. Would you kill them?
What makes you sad?
Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit how do you feel when the “enjoy your food” “you too” act happens?
What little thing do you find extremely satisfying?
What's one food that everyone seems to hate but you love?
What food has a better aftertaste than it does flavor
Have you gotten over your first love? If no, why not?
Smart people of Reddit , do you ever act stupid on purpose? If so , why?
Which country state are you from, and what is comfort food to you?
Hentai lovers of reddit......Why though?
What's one last thing you wish you could say to a loved one who has passed away?
Who else is craving food right now and then will regret it later because it's late?
[serious] People with medical conditions what’s your story with what’s happened? {any medical condition diagnosed}.
What has been the best decision you have made in 2019?
Karen's of Reddit, who hurt you?
Mothers of Reddit, what do you do while your kids are at school?
[SERIOUS] If you’ve had thoughts about committing suicide, what brought you back?
What are some things that you love to hate and what makes them suck so badly?
What old game would you love to see remade for the current generation?
those of you who have pets do you see them as equal family alongside your blood relatives?
FINLAND. QUESTIONS.
What are jobs from a few years ago you could get, but now require a college degree?
What food doesn’t have the right name
Is Airsoft a pay to win game?
I saw a really fucked up post yesterday and I can’t find it. Please help me Reddit.
What’s a food combination you enjoy that other judge you for?
What fast food place has the best napkins and/or cutlery?
How do you know you’ve found real love?
What's the weirdest food combination that actually works?
What was the school “incident”?
Should I be tipping (I always decline) when prompted by the payment device at all the fast casual restaurants like Torchie's Tacos that don't have a traditional wait staff, but instead a cash counter and a kitchen that brings out the food?
Pirates, where be mye beloved pearl?
If vegetarians love animals so much, why do they eat all their food?
How have your food preferences changed as you’ve gotten older?
If you were to create a character on Saturday Night Live, what would it be?
Recent college graduates of Reddit, what are some tips you'd give to freshman and upperclassmen on surviving college?
If dogs had their own version of reddit, what would different subs look like?
People allergic to gluten, what happens when you chew food with gluten and just spit it out without swallowing it?
What was the most entertaining argument that broke out at your school?
What is a bad habit/routine you really should have grown out of by now?
What is your go-to activity when you’re bored?
[Serious] What does parental love feel like to you?
What food do you enjoy making?
You are stuck in an elevator with a blind man. You have a phone but if you dial any numbers or physically help the man dial any nunbers. How do you get him to call 911 with only words?
Reddit, whats a good gift to get for your S/O or friends?
Which canned, pickled or potted food do you prefer over the fresh original and why?
[Seruis]how do i know a girl may be in love with me who i met online?
What would you choose between the woman you love or the woman you loved once and have a child with her?
When have you been trapped in your own clothes?
What are some Canadian foods that Americans haven’t endorsed into their country.
What’s your favorite weird food combination?
What fast food chain do you think is the most overrated?
What’s the weirdest way you’ve made a friend while drunk and what’ve you done?
Do you mostly cook your own food if not why?
Movie/TV Extras of Reddit, what are you saying to each other in the backgrounds of coffee shop and bar scenes?
What's your favorite food combination that the people find disgusting?
If you get power to recreate earth and life , what would you like to change ?
Who is your favourite actor and why?
What's one type of food you refuse to eat and why?
..what's your funniest comment that didn't get any love?
Where do I find a girl that'll love and appreciate me as much as I do for her?
What is something everyone knows but you can’t describe?
What was that apparently small thing that made you fall out of love with someone?
College students, if Ramen got expensive what food would be your new ‘go to’?
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
What is the most amazing thing one of your pets has done
If your relationship has reached a rough patch where neither member is very happy and you end up cheating, only to realise that you love your significant other and will do anything to make things work, is cheating still grounds for ending the relationship?
What career is worth the process of college?
What are some foods everyone should try before they die?
Which one of your posts should have made the front page of Reddit?
How are you today?
What's an irrational pet peeve you have?
Who does Reddit love more: Keanu Reeves or dogs?
People of Reddit, what is that one thing that you knew you shouldn't have said, but you went "well, fuck it. Let's see what happens!"
What’s your favorite drunk story?
What is something most people love that you just dislike for no apparent reason
What is the name of the person you are in love with (if the name is already written, do not rewrite it; just upvote)?
What is one game you love, but everyone else hates?
Pet lovers of reddit : why do you prefer a cat instead of a dog / a dog instead of a cat?
If you were forced to only eat the food from the last restaurant you took a shit in for the rest of your life, where are you eating?
If you were going to die doing what you loved doing the most, how would you be going out?
In your childhood, what’s a food that you used to really love that you can’t believe you ate?
Without saying what it is, what's the nastiest way to describe your favorite food?
What do you think about the role of opposite diets in a raltionship? Do you believe that the personality of people in a relationship don't only need to be compatible, but their food choices need to be as well?
So there was this game for the wii that I loved but I forget the name of it. It was like this Chinese/Japanese style (not anime) side scroller shooter game where you flew in one direction and shot fireballs at monsters that flew by. Anyone else remember this game?
Which are the 3 main hormones the body’s is pouring out when someone is in love, and what are said hormones causing in ones body/brain?
Can someone list out programming languages and the areas of Computer Science they are used in?
Lovely people of r/AskReddit. Have you ever been in a job where you hated every minute of it but learned to love it in the end?
What's something you're absolutely terrible at, but you still love doing anyway?
Is there a way to use Google play credit and order food and if yes how do you do it?
What is someone/something that everyone seems to love that you can’t stand? Why?
Have you fell in love with someone who you knew was totally wrong for you talk about it?
If you should choose one meal for the whole World bur No one could ever eat it again what should it be ( everyone knows it's you who chose it)?
What is the most awkward time someone walked in on you and your partner "making love"?
What moment in college made you "let hell break loose"?
What other animal would you choose for humans to have evolved from if you had the choice?
What is the most wierdest thing about you that want to showoff?
I just found out that my sister is a Instagram normie. What can I do?
What was the weirdest food you have ever eaten and where?
What is a song you used to love a long time ago and rediscovered recently?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what was a time that a customer was adamant about what they wanted, even though it wasn’t on the menu?
Need a book suggestion for a high school graduate that likely wont be going to college to prepare him for the real world? AKA doing taxes, buying a car, finding an apartment stuff like that?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what's the most annoying thing a customer asks you on a daily basis?
What is a true story you’d love to see be made into a movie?
/u/Tpae101's accidental haiku
Music lovers with a vast taste, what types of music WON'T you listen to?
Do you guys think that lightning McQueen and Donald Duck the same person, like have you ever seen them in the same room.
Which vegetarian food you love most and why?
Widowers of reddit, did you learn something shocking about your loved one while going through their online accounts postmortem?
What is the largest penis/set of boobs you've seen in real life?
Does societal or peer pressure ever ruined the decisions that you wanted to take for your own self peace? How did it turned out to be?
I like my best friend but he has a girlfriend. Do I tell him I love him or wait until they break up?
Anyone else prefer being naked over clothed?
People of Reddit, What game dominated your school
People of Reddit, what does your girlfriend do when she’s mad at you? Is she a Karen?
If you had 12 hours to live who would you spend it with and why?
Redditors, what are some fun mobile games that don’t use data/WiFi?
How many people really love their children but now secretly regret having them?
After disliking someone the first time you met, how did they change your perception of them?
Has anyone ever had a lover leave (break-up), never contact you, then come back and seek you out? Or has anyone ever done this to a former lover?
What is a book/movie/TV show that you loved as a kid that you now realise is pretty terrible.?
what is the best ways to make some money online ?
Does anyone here eat cherry tomatoes like theyre candy? I love them haha and could eat a whole tub. Or what are other unusual snacks you guys either openly or secretly love?
What is the best "fast food" pizza chain?
What is the dumbest rumor you’ve ever heard, and what was it?
What are some good shows that I can watch that are enjoyable and loved by many??
Redditors who are related to people that fight with fast food workers, why are they like that?
VORE lovers of reddit, how do you feel about COLUMBINE VORE
I love my children so much it scares me. Why?
What was that one time that you thot-patrolled someone?
What is the most creative way one goes about getting food with the least amount of money/effort?
What's the most heart breaking event you've seen a loved one go through that you couldn't help them with
Why do you love or hate Apple???
Pet owners of Reddit, how do you let your pet know you love them? Also how do they say they love you?
[Serious] Waiters of Reddit, what was the sillest/stupidest reason someone asked to get their food replaced or taken away for?
What's the most useful advice you can share to the college freshman ?
First day on fast food job training, already want to quit. What to do?
What is love ? explain
People of Reddit that had their life ruined, how was it ruined?
What is the best way you could spend $5 on food in your country?
What food are you scared to relate for eating?
What is your favorite episode of SpongeBob SquarePants?
What are some of the most useful and best advices/things you got/learned from Reddit?
What is the disgusting thing you have seen someone do with their food?
Redditors. What are you doing at work now and what do you love about your job?
What is a food ypu should eat to produce massive cumloads besides Zeppeles?
McDonald’s employees
What food you will never get tired of?
Have ever eaten something so badly made, that it made you sad?
If needed, would you delete your Reddit account ? Why ?
Do you feel, personally, you could only find love in attractive people?
Western parents do you ever feel like raising a kid in the West require less commitment compared to other culture (EG: Asia where parents need to micromanage everything)?
To those of you that break the plastic clips off of pens... Who hurt you?
what’s an album/song/artist you love that is widely hated?
How was your school life?
What is something every first time college student should know?
What is your weirdest food concoction while stoned?
What is a seemingly insignificant fact that has made you paranoid about how you live parts of your life?
#LateNightQuestions I would love for you guys to debate this question as well?! https://clk.ink/2gWA82r ?
[Serious] How would you descern 'I just want to fuck you' between 'I'm in love with you'?
People who are starting their own countries what step are you on
What are some apps you can download that lets you socialize with strangers and play games?
Ass or tits? and why?
What was the moment that you realized your (generally cold) father actually loves you?
I (27F) am deeply inlove with my best friend (28M)
[Serious] How did you make friends after high school/college?
What moment in college made you "all hell break loose"?
Extroverts of Reddit, what are the most annoying things introverts do?
What’s a show everyone else loves, but you just can’t get into?
What are the best positions for ease/comfort, and how do I do said positions? What are the best positions for pleasure, and how do I do said positions?
What's the strangest food u ever ate?
You have a choice between eating your favourite meal every day for the rest of your life or eating it only once again ever. Which do you choose and why?
What is a tell-tale sign of abuse that most people don't pick up on/report?
What do you actually know?
What is the kindest thing a stranger has ever done for you?
Do you love your life?
What age did you get your licence to drive ?
What's a good way to convince someone to stop being muslim?
What is the most efficient butt wiping teqnique/use of toilet paper?
People of Reddit, who is the most genuinely terrifying person you've ever met? And how did they earn that title in your mind?
When did you realize you weren't in love anymore?
What are some funny lines or jokes about looking younger than your age?
What do you think about love at a long distance?
Men, what is something you'd love to hear from your gf/crush/wife?
What kind of exercises and foods directly impact the size of one's man boobs?
What nostalgic food from your past do you crave despite the fact that when you consider eating it in reality it makes you queasy?
Redditors who have had a near death experience, how did it change your outlook on life?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious]What is the worst thing that you have ever done to keep from offending someone?
Does anyone else constantly have problems posting from the mobile app? How can I fix this?
People of reddit, what's the creepiest encounter with a person you have had?
What is a good sub for questions about various community colleges?
Who here loves the internet more than me?
What is the most petty thing you’ve done ?
What are the things your pets believe to be the Devil but is casual for humans?
Do you know any adult people who wave at trains? Why are they doing it?
What level of equality should society be aiming for?
Whats the funniest thing you or someone else has said while on laughing gas?
It’s 5 am, which secrete confession helps you sleep at night?
Hey reddit, what is love?
which food you used to hate , but now you love.
What would you do if noone showed up to your kids birthday party?
[Serious] People who suffer from depression, how do/did you find motivation to continue doing things you used to love even when you lost interest due to the depression?
Who here can beat me in Gen 7 OU or Gen 7 Ubers?
Why do you love food?
People who live next to golf courses, what is the most bizarre thing you’ve ever seen a golfer do?
Non-binary people of Reddit, what's something parents should know about raising you?
Those friends that NEVER go to your house.
What's in your food/restaurant bucketlist?
What's your shame food?
Did you ever encounter a “drinks are on me!” Moment from some random stranger sitting alone at a bar, that got good news like in the movies? What happened? And how much did you drink?
Waiters/waitresses, did you experience a crappy customer recently? If so, how were they crappy?
A roommate vapes in your food constantly. What do you do?
People who have yelled at food service people, why did you do it and did you feel bad about it later?
What does it feel like to fall in love with a woman, for a gay?
What was your most depressing birthday?
What is the biggest thing you have done for love?
Who were your childhood fictional character crushes?
Wat's one song that *everybody* loves but you secretly hate?
Have you ever stumbled up on someone or a couple doing the dirty? How did you react?
What is your craziest dream that has become (completely or partly) reality?
I'm going to major in marketing for a college degree. What can I do with a marketing degree? Do you like/love your job?
[Serious] When did you realize you were in love with your SO?
What is something that almost everybody does but are too embarrassed to admit?
If you could say one last thing to one of your loved ones, what would it be?
United Statesicans of Reddit, what is something you love about our Neighborinos to the north?
What age did you lose your virginity?
What are some really bad ingredients in some “healthy” foods?
Hello Reddit! Any advice on getting into a good college?
High school student on Reddit, what's the craziest thing you did to your teacher ?
What makes you unusually uncomfortable?
What made you lose all faith in humanity?
You can get $100,000 if you take a full-strength punch (with gloves) from heavyweight boxing champion Anthony Joshua. You can have him punch you anywhere on your bare flesh that is at least the size of his ungloved fist. Where do you have him punch you and why?
Would you rather love your spouse much less than they love you, or the reverse?
What is a strange food people love?
Why do you love &lt;insert movie name&gt;; even though everyone else seems to hate this film?
Why didn’t Vincent Bugliosi catch the same flak that Johnnie Cochran caught (since both did the same thing in the Charles Manson and OJ Simpson trials—draw attention away from the REAL killers)?
Vent those satisfying petty workplace revenge and shaming stories
What's your country's equivalent of the "hyper-American" South?
Painters of Reddit: what do you think of Bob Ross? Everyone loves him for his heart and optimism, but how is he viewed in the art community as an artist?
What is the most retarted thing that happend ro you in school/college
What's a secrect talent that you have?
Do your pets have friends?
When Asians eat Western food, do they get constipated and complain of how difficult it is to have a bowel movement?
Why isn't Arnolds last name banned considering it has the N-word in it?
Why do people hate on Fortnite?
AsusROG Told me they would give me a laptop for RT's Can I get some love?! https://twitter.com/PokerDAVoc/status/1141098906656354304
What are the advantages of masturbation, over the real sex?
One food for the rest of your life, what is it and why?
Hi reddit! You can now date any girl you like. With one condition - you will eat for the rest of your relashnship the exact same food as she. Who would you date?
Forever food
What song do you now love, or hate, because of its use in a movie, or tv show?
What is something you used to love to eat but started to hate it as you got older?
Redditors, Why did you leave your family?
High school graduates that never went to college, what’s your job and how much do you make?
What are some things you'd say at a fast food restaurant that you could also say during sex?
What’s a non-profit that you think deserves more recognition/love?
Are community colleges bad compered to a "regular" college?
What happened on the worst day of your life?
Fellow members of Reddit, has there been any moment where a criminal, or serial killer, nearly got to you or a loved one?
What's the story behind your username?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
[Saved]What's an album you can listen to all the way through without skipping?
what is the most awkward thing your parents caught you doing?
what are the small things you do you do in a relationship to surprise and show love to your partner?
Have you ever left someone you loved to work on yourself or your career? Why did or didn’t you return to them?
Buddy has his Bachelor Party coming up and I’d love to surprise him with a shirt that has his mugshot from his DUI 8 years ago... any ideas how one might be able to procure such a picture? Is there a public database of mugshots?
What do you love most about watching pornos?
What was your worst fast food experience?
what do you love about being human?
Redditors who previously had low self esteem, how did you learn to love yourself?
10 years ago where did you see yourself in 10 years? How close are you to that dream?
People who went to college with a definite plan and ended up going a completely different route, what made you change your mind?
What’s something you love that everyone else hates?
What food does everyone seem to love, but you really cant stand?
What do you miss the most about 80s, 90s and early 00s Video store rental experiences?
To employees in the food industry, what’s the most disgusting thing a customer’s left behind?
What’s the sexual memory you love to think about the most?
What's the coolest thing about you?
Redditors with food allergies, what are the foods you have taken the risk to try despite knowing it would cause a reaction?
What disney movie has the best music and why?
What are some things that you consider to be a thicc snacc?
Adults of reddit, what childhood traditions do you still do that others might find weird?
If every U.S State was a food, what would yours taste like?
Unpopular opinion and I love both but who agrees that How To Train Your Dragon is better than Shrek?
What's the male equivalent to women wearing makeup?
Is someone that everyone loves and adores but you just don't like? Why?
Skinny people of reddit, how do you keep your shirts tucked in?
What's the smallest thing you and your S.O. have in common.
If you were told that you had 24 hours to get as much equipment/food as you could before you were teleported to an endless desert for 6 months, what do you get? (you have to carry it all, no vehicles)
Can animals manage their food supply like humans?
Do you ever forget your first love?
What stereotypes people have about your country that unfortunately are actually true?
What’s the scariest tv show you have ever seen?
What's something that most people love that you hate?
what did you do that makes you go to hell
What’s the most pathetic thing you’ve done out of desperation
What is so good about Breaking Bad?
Teachers of Reddit, what is something a student has done that earned your immediate respect?
What is your best "Fake it till you make it" story?
Someone is writing your biography and the line "Unbeknownst to them, they would never meet again" is in it. Who is this about?
What is something you think only you can do?
when should you say "I love you"?
Add/remove/change ONE letter to a song title. What's the name of the song now and what's it about?
Name a song you really love, but normally don't listen to that particular genre. For me I'll say "Fade into you" by Mazzy Star.
College people, what advice can you give to those who are going to college in the next school year?
What video game did you play and love but can remember almost nothing about?
Why does airliners still have ashtrays?
When times got tough, what kept you going?
When did you realise that you were in love?
Your most spoken sentence is tattooed on your body. What does it say?
What is a wholesome way that someone expresses their love for you? Acts of kindness/little things, etc
What is Love? Is it “Baby, don’t hurt me. Don’t hurt me... no more”? But no seriously, what is true romantic love?
Men of Reddit/ Men in a relationship: What do you love/ value/ like about your Significant other?
What was the weirdest thing you ever got a boner from, just by looking at it?
What do thr people of reddit love?
Those of you with stickers on your car honoring deceased loved one's, will you keep these stickers on your car, current and new, until you die? Once the sticker becomes too worn to read, or starts to look terrible, will you remove it? replace it with a new sticker? Or would that be honor enough?
Current (or former) fast food employees of reddit, what are the most unforgettable memories you have?
You'll be given $100,000 if you can get your local news station to break programming for a story involving you in the next 2 hours. What will you do?
Do you ever try to make yourself stay awake as long as you can for no reason, even knowing you’ll be exhausted tomorrow?
What's a moral value that your parents had taught and you had lived by, but then you realized later it was wrong through your own experiences?
People who live in a suburb/small town that you didn’t grow up in, how did you find/choose your town?
What's the worst, close call you have had in your life?
Whats the worst fact about your favorite food
What skills did you actually gain from college that you couldn't gain as easily elsewhere?
What rumor did you accidentally hear about yourself in your school or college years?
Which chocolate recipe you love most and why?
What was the food your family made the best?
What kind of themes and characters should the next Mass Effect have?
/u/AutoModerator on [serious] people who married their high school/college sweethearts, what is your best advice to make a relationship last?
Is there a limit to the size of an ant colony? Like in a hoarder’s home, given unlimited food and no/few natural predators, could there exist an ant utopia where the grow to massive population?
What's the most condescending thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your story where you overcame your greatest fear?
Quiet kid
Other than your usual snacks, what foods have you snuck into the theater?
What food item would you eradicate and why?
What are some colleges with online degrees that require absolutely no math? I've struggled my whole life with math (including several semesters of college math) and I want to find any colleges offer complete online degrees that require no math courses to graduate with an AS or BS. Any suggestions?
What’s the most expired food you’ve ever eaten?
People that have taken online college courses, did you enjoy your experience? or would you recommend attending a real life university?
Without using adjectives, describe the worst pain you’ve ever felt?
Fellow introverts, how do you flirt or date? How does your personality affect your love life or the lack thereof?
What food do you recommend everyone try at least one time?
What place who’s main attraction is not food did you find a delicious meal or snack?
What’s the best love song, any genre or time period?
People who work in an office how realistic is the tv show "The Office" to a real Office?
What state has the best food?
Couples of reddit, what were they doing the moment you realized you loved them?
People who work or live in another country besides your home , What food make you feel homesick ?
Pet owners of Reddit, what has your pet done that makes you think they are seriously humans in costumes.
Why don’t pets pet their owners?
Left handed bros, what are some interesting moments in your life that were caused by your left handedness?
You just graduated high school. Would you jump into the job market and then start college in the Fall, or take some time off and travel?
What's something that you did a long time ago that bothers you to this day?
What's something you love which everyone else hates?
Why do you love some great god damn lemon zest?
Dear fast food workers of reddit, what are some things that made you stop buying fast food from at where you work at? (Or the whole chain itself)
What non-physical traits of you SO made you fall in love with him/her ?
What are the best illegal movie streaming sites/apps?
If you could associate Trump with a fast food restaurant/fast food that you like / not like, what would it be? And why?
When did you last hear someone else’s belly growl?
What was the weirdest family dynamic you have ever seen?
What is the oddest combination of food you have tried and enjoyed?
How can you stop feeling/identifying as a victim in life?
How could an uncle love you after she dies?
What nerdy thing isn't really nerdy anymore?
You have to hide your keys from the FBI for a week and at the end you win a million dollars if they don’t get them. Where do you hide them?
What is the best summer job you or someone you know has ever had as a college aged kid?
Pro-Vaxxers who were once Anti-Vaxxers, what changed your mind?
Have you ever dreamt something you later saw on ads/tv/album covers/books you never saw before the dream?
Which myths you hear before the begin university/college?
If college majors had slogans, what would they be?
Redditors who tried to go to college but weren’t admitted, what did you do next?
What are some food memories you remember growing up?
Best way to ask and prove to potential lovers about STD’s?
Redditors who love their job, what makes you love it so much?
"[Serious]" Doctors of reddit that had to break the news to the family members/loved ones of a patient that passed away. Have there ever been people who went out of control or went crazy?
Cursed_AskReddit
What food triggers a good childhood memory and why?
So my best friend is engaged and his fiancé just moved in with him. Ever since then, he doesn’t respond to any texts or answer the phone, even about important stuff like school (we carpool to college) Is this normal? Any other thoughts?
What is the weirdest/scariest thing that’s ever happened to you that you still can’t explain?
What is your go-to hangover food?
What was your worst experience with college/student healthcare?
I love my big Sister but she is an *sshole with me, last time she erased all the data of my computer, she said she wasen´t, i told my father he defended her sayíng it could be a virus but i know it was her... what can i do????
People with pets that died in an accident. How did it happen?
What’s your talent?
What is your favourite food that you rarely eat as its such a chore to cook/prepare ?
What job did you love, but one part of it made you hate it?
Who's the family member you will never be as cool as?
Job applications asking for too much info?
What is the worst food someone could bring onto an airplane?
What is something that you always do, when you over someone's house that they think is weird or doesn't make sense?
If old mythic gods were living and existing rightnow (Egyptian, Greek, etc.) Who would you follow and why?
People working in retail/fast food, what was your regular customer like?
If my wife cheats on me, is it my fault?
Parents of Reddit, what is the creepiest/scariest thing your child has ever said/done?
whas rhe mannninh og kyife?
Disney, why are you shitting on everything I loved growing up?
What are some creative, non-lethal ways to sabotage food?
The god of wealth has given you 1 trillion $.You have to buy exactly one thing from it within 24 hours and have to show it to the god of wealth or you will have to give the money back and also you will have to sell your soul.What are you going to buy?
Pluviofils of reddit, what makes you love rain so much?
People who immediately left their home town and moved far away almost right out of highschool/college, how did things turn out and are you still living in the place that you moved to?
When was the absolute WORST time you had to go to the bathroom?
What is the best regional food/ingredient that can truly only be had where it originated? Meaning, you cannot order it at a restaurant anywhere else or make it at home.
Who do you love the most in the world?
What is the best "off menu" item to get at fast food
People of reddit who finished college, how successful are you?
(Serious) Fast food workers, does the "I ordered the same food as the person in front of me" drive through challenge, annoy you?
What’s your proudest moment no one knows about?
When is the next American Civil War going to happen?
The grocery shoppers of Reddit. Why do you eat the food that you have not yet purchased around the supermarket
If you could go back to your school/college days, what would you do differently?
What's your pets name and why?
Who would be a good president(USA), that is currently not running or doesn’t plan on running?
How do you survive school/work without having any friends?
what songs or music that made you goosebumps???
What have you found in your food that made you go WTF?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
Why do some students (college) ask other students about their grades?
[serious] People, who have visited the dark web, how quickly could someone be assasinated?
What are examples about lag in real life?
[Serious] How to reverse the process of falling in love with someone, who you already fell in love with?
Who do you love?
Doctors of reddit, what foods would you suggest every average person eat on a regular basis?
Why do weight loss scammers put out ads that are obviously fake (miracle foods/drinks, watch your belly fat melt) if they know they’re not fooling anybody. How haven’t they thought if something more deceptive by now?
Suck dick until he finishes or die?
All those who worked in fast food, what was one of the biggest secrets you had to learn/hide from customers?
What is your worst habit?
What can you use to edit YouTube videos
Brain surgeons of Reddit: is brain surgery easier than getting your posts past the bots of Reddit?
Ex-College students of Reddit, if you could, what tips you would give to yourself before you started college?
If fish, lobster, and crab are called seafood, why isn't beef, poultry, and pork called landfood?
Fellow retail, fast food, and other minimum wage workers, what happens at your job that should be totally illegal?
Best/Worst college Expectation vs Reality facts?
What does falling in love feel like?
To fast food workers, what’s the most annoying thing that happens every time you work?
I love to learn new things from others,What is something you know that I don't?
What question could a hard-hitting journalist ask you to destroy you?
Men, what sentence can a woman say on a first date that instantly makes you go softer than the soul of an innocent baby panda?
What is the story behind how you acquired your pet(s)?
What's something, that if happened to you, would make you cry tears of happiness?
What's a food or dish, that can only be served one way without ruining it for you?
What was the best day of your life?
Whats the weirdest encounter youve had with a fast food worker?
What are some of your favorite 90s hip hop tracks?
Whats the best love quotes you found?
If you could go back in time and butt rape any historical figure as part of a college assignment in the year 3019 who would it be?
How much do you spend on food per month, and for how many people?
Housesitters, petsitters, babysitters, nannies, housecleaners, repairpeople, houseguests- what has been your experience with (hidden or not) home surveillance cameras in peoples' homes?
Near Death experiences?
Who was your very first love?
What are the best ways to find new discord servers?
Anime watchers of Reddit, what got you into it?
I am bored. What are some really weird subreddits you would recommend me?
Is it possible to love animals and be a huge meat eater? Why or why not?
What fetish were you surprised to discover you have?
Magnesium Glycinate Dosage? 2 of them at once after eating or separate them out? Bottle suggests take 2 daily once or twice with food, a bit unclear?
What did you learn about love from your divorce?
What always makes you smile?
Think of one impossible task you KNOW you are INCAPABLE of doing. Could you do it for someone you love the second after reading this question?
People of Reddit, what were some predictions you made in your life which actually came true?
What was the most bizarre question on this reddit that you would never expect to have a legitimate answer?
Tell us about your college sex stories.
What are some things guys find unattractive on themselves that you love?
If a Tinder date is on her phone all dinner (first date) and ignoring you (obviously just wants free food) how morally ok is it to sneak out and leave her with the bill?
Though I pay my own rent/bills etc, my dad has helped me with some additional payments I’ve struggled with recently. What’s a good Father’s Day gift that doesn’t cost too much money but shows how much I love him and am truly grateful to have him?
Would you rather have a high paying job that you dislike, or a less paying job that you love? Why?
People who have abandoned a friend/lover without any explanation, what exactly was the reason? Did you ever come back with the person you dumped?
What’s the most useless piece of advice you received before going into college?
what is the norm in your country for when are men expected to pay on a date ? Is it half/half? Is it every time? Is it in the ladies check list that is expected?
I don’t know what I want to major in college and what job want for the rest of my LiFe
Whenever i am using Minecraft on my iPhone, and i close the phone and open it again... the game crashes and restarts...how can I stop this bug?
People who honk at hitchhikers, but don’t pick them up, what are you trying to communicate?
You now have the "Gay Gun", a gun that shoots out a ray that turns people gay, with unlimited ammo. How do you use this to get rich?
What is a food combination that sounds gross but is actually good?
Where my food be at delivery boy?
What are some unique and useful Eagle Project ideas for the San Francisco area?
Do any of you have experience in eating insects?
Humans of reddit What was the fastest turn around from things are ok to f**k?
Women of Reddit, are oversized sized guys with huge chest and arms the equivalent of how guys feel about women huge boobs and Kim K sized asses ( normal guys at least )?
What do you have a love hate relationship with?
Redditors who worked full-time during college: what is the most important thing you learned?
What is a food or drink that’s taste cannot be covered by holding your nose?
Couples of reddit, at what moment did you realize you were in love with your SO and how far into your relationship was it?
What is something you hate about yourself but other people seem to love?
Women who love women (no labels), would you date/have a relationship with a transgender woman who, (for whatever reason) does not get bottom surgery? [Serious]
What is your image of paradise?
For the people that mix food here
People who graduated high school not knowing what career path to follow, how did you eventually choose a career? Did you attend college, and if so, how did you choose a major without knowing what it is you wanted to do?
Fast food workers or Reddit, why is my order made wrong so often?
What is your favourite fun fact?
What is the best response to an unnwanted 'I love you'?
What‘s that one unspecial childhood memory you sometimes remember?
What’s a “fact” that someone pulled out of their ass, that needs to go back in?
What can you do for those around you that has recently lost someone?
What's one food/ingredient that you detest that everyone else apparently likes?
What was a situation you've 'noped' out of?
Which type of job is considered "easy money", but actually isn't?
What are your thoughts on the US government paying reparations to African Americans?
If I raised minxes from birth, gave them a great life and humane death like a pet, would making them into a fur coat still be considered cruelty...is there any difference in your mind when considering animal byproducts in clothes or food?
We all know the difference between a social drinker and a drunk.. what are the equivalents for other things such as smoking, video games, etc?
What annoying thing does your spouse do that you’d definitely kill them for if you didn’t love them?
In the original Iron when Tony Stark gets back to America the first thing he wants is a cheeseburger. Have you ever hade a moment like this if so what was your "cheeseburger moment"?
What is your unusual pet, and why do you love them?
Why is it so hard for me to show my love to those I deeply care about?
Are there any subreddits for speaking to people?
What is your best memory with your father and why was it your best memory?
Canadian Reddit users What places/food/activities would you recommend a foreigner on his first visit?
If the all the States in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
Students who live on their own, go to university or college, what are the best tipps and lifehacks when it comes to rooms, food, money, etc. ?
If your friends introduced you like people introduce their pets, ("this is Fido, he loves his belly scratched") what would they say about you?
For Those Of You Who Refuses To Have Kids, What Is Your Reasoning Behind it?
[Serious] Redditors who have had, or been, a loved one in an abusive relationship, how did you get out of it?
Anyone who as said or been said to "is it in yet?" What's your story?
Redditors who have their pets harmed by others, what happened?
If you had to choose between Immortality for your pets or 7 billion dollars, which would you choose?
Lonely people of Reddit that finally found love. How?
Do men love more than women?
Why are children easily tricked into fake giveaways/prizes online?
What’s a good lunch food to bring to a lunch meeting to discourage future lunch meetings from being scheduled?
What historical figure should be a household name, but is barely known?
What are some funny incidents that took place in your life?
What's the weirdest thing about you that noone has in common?
What are movies you loved as a child but as an adult you realize aren't that good?
What are the side effects of the disease "love"?
What food tastes good, but is just too messy to even bother to eat?
How rational is it to be afraid to go make food in the kitchen at eleven pm because your roommate sleeps on the living room couch and you don't want to bother her and would you just wait until tomorrow to eat?
Is the present moment more valuable to someone who will live for 25 years compared to someone who will live 60 years?
What is the weirdest thing that you have seen/heard at your college?
What was something that absolutely terrified you as a child that wasn’t actually scary?
[Serious] What song opened your Eyes?
If a loved one was dying and called you in their last moments, would you rather have one final conversation with them, or a voicemail of their last words to have for the future? Why?
Why Is Keanu Reeves Trending?
I support LGBTQ PRIDE, what do you like/ support that makes you quirky?
What are some healthier food options that are available at most convenience stores and restaurants?
Out of all traffic light colors, which one is your favourite?
How do you feel? when you realize that you are not loved enough by someone who you love most.
whats the weirdest things you have found in your food at restourants?
Do you love your haters/enemies/bullies as Jesus commanded, whether you believe in Jesus or not - why or not?
Chefs, what guilty pleasure like fast food do you enjoy when you aren't working?
When did you find love in an airport?
A personal dilemma.
What food did you hate as a child but later came to love?
Life is like the most intense RPG ever played.
Car owners, is there a car you fell in love with?
whats the most random thing you have seen in public?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, do you enjoy your job?
What is the biggest difference you noticed in yourself and classmates between middle and high school, or high school and college?
Which movie did you loved soo much that you wish you could watch it for the 1st time again?
Have you ever had a movie like experience in real life?
If you could borrow one thing from another culture barring their clothes and food, what would it be and why?
What if I would tell you a story the Jedi wont?
What movie had the worst ending?
What is the best food to eat during lectures?
Which parent do like/love most and why?
What’s your I love school moment?
You don’t have to eat ever again, but if you eat your stomach explodes (so you can’t taste any of your favorite foods again) would you do it?
What's your "college experimenting" experience?
When did you realize you couldn't repair what you've done?
Question to all
In your opinion what movie or TV show just sucks but everybody loves it?
Money + boring job or less money + job you love? Why?
What is a 'food mod' to a traditional resturant dish that makes it even better?
Thrill seekers, what gets your adrenaline pumping the most?
Why do poor people eat """food""" from the grocery store?
Do you let your pets watch you masturbate, have sex or go to the bathroom?
What is something you love that’s objectively terrible?
[Serious] Redditors who genuinely love living and don't want to die... Why? What do you see in life?
What movie(s) have you watched repeatedly for many years but they can still get you to laugh/cry/cheer/etc. because they’re so good and you love them so much?
What's the worst thing you've mistaken for food/drink and immediately regretted?
What are the best mods to play skyrim high af?
What foreign object have you found in your food and how did the company react when you told them?
People who graduated college or are in it any advice
How to respectfully break two people up?
Hypothetically, you have a blue button that if you press will disintegrate something or someone that you love. The catch is, it saves the lives of one million people. You are immune to the button. Would you press it?
What's your reverse-karma story?
[Serious] Landlord only allows pwts that live in cages, What are some pets that live in cages?
What's a food you love but used to hate?
What is your favorite niche hobby that you have heard of or partake in?
Stewardesses - How do you decide if I get the whole can of pop?
People who have lost a significant amount of weight: how has it affected your love life?
Fast food/Restaurant employees, what’s your biggest pet peeve when it comes to customers?
Reddit, what is love to you?
Men of Reddit, what is a compliment that was said to you by a stranger that has stuck with you?
How does omeprazole make you feel in regards to nausea?
Facebook and Instagram are both known to use algorithms to manipulate users’ feeds. Does Reddit use similar algorithms?
What are some weird food combinations that are actually good?
Just graduated college, not happy with current engineering job
Emergency only glove box gun owners of reddit, can you tell us about a time where you had to use your gun?
I can't pick a college. What colleges do y'all recommend and why?
Reddit, why do you love your pet?
At what age did you have your first real boyfriend/girlfriend, reciprocal love?
Reddit, do you know any triplets/quadruplets? Are they identical?
[Serious] What food is just not worth saving for leftovers?
what are some weird food combos u lovee?
What is the best way you've heard of someone winning back the love of their significant other?
What’s the shittiest thing you’ve done to or for someone you love(d)?
Investors of Reddit, what is a small asset you have felt you could always rely on?
If nutrition information on food packets were a lot more accurate, how would it affect the seller(s) and buyer(s)?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done sleep deprived?
Were you happy with who killed thanos in endgame? If not, why?
You wake up one day and relive you keep reliving the same day over and over again, if you die you wake up again, what do you do?
What’s the best and worst thing you’ve spent money on?
What’s a book series you thought you were gonna hate, but eventually grew to love?
Traitors of Reddit, how did you betray your friend/loved one, and why did you do it?
What movie would you have loved to be on the set of while it was being made?
College Graduates, how do you cope with post graduate life and reminiscing over college life?
If humans were the pets of other species, what would "Human food" be?
Could painkillers make extreme spicy foods less spicy?
how to propose a girl and express love feelings?
What's an App that tells you the speed limit but not 'Wayz' app.
Fast food workers, what's something you've always wanted to tell the customers?
People with flat earther parents, how is life with them?
I need a soundtrack for some monster hunting!
What movie did you love at first, but then rewatched it some time later and realized it wasn’t very good at all?
Are there films that you avoid watching again because you loved it so much and you don't want to spoil it?
Which qoute do you love, that without context doesn't make any sense?
How far would you go for love?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve seen in a restaurant/food establishment?
Any advice on long distance relationship ?
Gamers of Reddit- what is the worst game you’ve ever played? (Gameplay and story wise)
What are some times you and your sibling have bonded over something really stupid?
What are some of the worst puns you always loved?
What's the creepiest or most bizarre thing you've experienced?
What is the possibility that we aren't alone in the universe and will we encounter intelligent life during human existence [serious]?
Redditors whos parents or children are very wealthy, how has your relationship been effected after their wealth ?
Is "true love" an endangered species these days, with technology pulling everyone apart?
Which topping makes the food taste WORSE?
For people who fold there pizza do you drink the grease dripping from it?
What underrated food do you recommend other people should try?
What is a near impossible fantasy that you know won’t come true but you love to day dream about?
If slavery was made legal tomorrow do you think your current employer would use it?
Historians of Reddit: would Germany still have lost WWII without the D-Day invasions? Why or why not?
What are some foods that actually go well with water?
Do we love ourselves more in the virtual world and less in the real world?
Which movie from your childhood you loved so much that you can't wait to show it to your children?
Any Three Days Grace Album
Why do so many self-proclaimed lovers of Jesus H. Christ in the USA also display unwavering support and adoration for Donald J. Trump?
Who, or what do you have the most intense love-hate relationship with?
How would you explain love to an alien?
People who give gold, silver and platinum. Do you want people to thank you on edits or not?
Do you consider yourself a hater or a lover and why?
Have you had that moment where you looked over at your significant other and thought “wow I really love them”? What did they do to warrant that?
You awaken to bed and room unfamiliar to you, and a secret service agent informs you've been voted president of USA because of your stance against being politically correct, your love for weed, cocaine, alcohol, strip clubs, prostitutes and being aggressively violent. What's your move Mr. President?
Scientists, what are some recent scientific break-through discoveries that not many people know about?
What videos or YT channels do you watch/go to during your downtime that are calming, or just sort of make you happy, such as watching people doing woodwork, of other crafts, cat videos or street food videos?
What advice would you give to an incoming college freshman? I’m compiling a bunch of tips for my younger sister.
What’s a game beloved to you growing up that did not age well with time?
What is a food that looks amazing but is actually awful?
How can a defense attorney in good conscience defend someone who is clearly guilty?
what are some of the most objectively bad songs that aren't memes or satirical?
Olive Garden Workers: Is there a maximum amount of cheese you are allowed to put on someone’s food or can I ask for a block and a half?
What's the weirdest thing you ever bought.
Doctors and nurses of Reddit, what medical fact/issue does television and movie media consistently got wrong?
[Serious] Describe your last good experience with drugs. How did it change you?
You have to survive on an island. You have a sustainable amount of food and water. What one thing do you take with you?
What is it lime to be a woman?
What is your favorite food that you think most people don't know about?
Growing up in the late 70s, ABC had a Saturday morning show with fringe sports (bowling, barrel jumping, canoeing, etc). Loved to watch with dad. What sports that don't get much love in the USA are way more interesting and fun to watch than the big ones? (Football, Basketball, Baseball, Soccer?)
How many different nationalities have you banged/been banged by?
What’s the cheapest and best tasting food you can make for yourself as a college dorm student?
/u/AutoModerator on What’s the best fiction book you’ve read in the last year and why?
When you ask someone for help and they say it's your problem, how do you address this if their intent was nothing else besides being an asshole?
Chefs, cooks, and food service professionals of Reddit, how often do you burn yourself at work?
What TV show do you love that could not be broadcast today?
What have you always hoped to accomplish in life, but cannot due to current circumstances?
Let me ask you something. How can we experience ultimate pleasure, without experiencing ultimate pain? How can we taste the truly sweet without a little bit of the sour?
Just recently watched Smallfoot and saw the Pac Man Easter Egg. I also remember how Ready Player One is almost all nostalgia. I was wondering what treats were in older movies that were throwbacks and Easter eggs for parents and the older crowd?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is your nightmare customer story?
What movie do you hate that everyone else seems to love?
What would you do if you found out stuffed crust pizza was invented by the government to reduce food waste by tricking people into eating crusts?
Why are modern movie audiences so afraid of strong women?
What food is underrated?
What would you do if you had immortality but you had to inject your self with poison every day and feel the pain times 5 or have someone you love die?
How to start a wedding speech
What’s your best food combination?
To the people who are sick of hearing the same question on AskReddit, here's a new one. If everyday at 2:23am you started lactating honey, and this only worked on Tuesdays while you had one dick in your mouth and two in your anus, how would you use this power to get your dad to love you again?
You're on Judge Judy. What silly dispute are you involved in, and do you win?
What food(or drink) is really good but when looking at it, you think to yourself "What the hell am I eating"?
What is the best movie ever?
If you were struggling with any problems midway through college, what was (or would be) your next career path?
[Serious] After losing a loved one, what have you found to be a good coping skill?
People who do programming and/or software development in their free time, how do you stay motivated?
(Serious) Redditors who have felt the presence of a loved one after they passed away - what are your stories?
People who have lost their pets and gotten them back, what happened?
What is a food combination you like that others don’t, or think is weird?
People who drench everything you eat in cheese. Why?
People who broke up with someone whom you truly loved, when did you decide to stop holding on?
What do you love about 2019 Currently?
What are your three most used emojis according to your phone keyboard?
Should I take a 4th year of math in high school? What sort of colleges would taking/not taking a 4th year affect my odds of getting into? Would it affect certain possible career paths?
You're stuck on a desert island with a lifetime supply of fresh water and one food item of your choosing, what do you pick?
People who grew up with a single parent while the other was absent or unreliable, what did your full-time parent do to help you through the hurt you experienced? Or what do you wish they had done that may have helped?
How'd the world function if clothes expired like food?
What is the worst movie?
What are some college life hacks that caused you to pass the year?
Has a tv show or movie that included a song you were familiar with but didn’t care much for, changed the way you felt about that song? What show/movie/song?
What's the most infuriating experience you have ever had with an "I can't help it, I'm a scorpio!" type of person?
What makes you feel loved?
Tell me about your “Nigerian prince”?
What are two foods that go together, but seem like they shouldn't?
Whats the worst food you've ever tasted?
Do Australian women really love American accents?
People who pay for themselves to eat, whats your monthly food budget and what do you do to get it to where to you want it to be ?
[Serious] What was the worst end to a relationship or friendship that you've had?
Do you think loners believe they are happy being that way or not? Why?
Men of reddit, what simple thing would you love to be surprised with on a date night at home? [serious]
[Serious] What's something that applies to you, yet other people aren't?
Woman of Reddit, what do you do when a man starts hitting on you?
How much is too much?
What do you love most? I love my girlfriends...
Bakery workers of Reddit: With the money you earned could you pay your rent?
You have a choice, have background country music playing forever at a fixed and audible volume, or be deaf, what do you choose?
What quirks can you not stand? Which quirks do you love?
What is a food combination that shouldn't work, but totally does?
What gender feels the most love?
What’s something that you love but your significant other hates?
Twitch users of Reddit, what do you love most about the platform? What's your favorite Twitch meme?
What do you love the most about yourself?
I believe people's personality is defined by the top things they love to do. What is your top 5?
Phone carrier finesse?
What would be a good title for a nautical themed love song?
Men of reddit, when did you realize you were in love?
How does one know is their bf is in love with them?
What is the worst reason someone has used to reject you? r/AskReddit
To the Redditors who went to college and received a degree in a major like gender studies or diversity studies, why? Has your degree been useful at all?
Is Culver's any good? There popping up like crazy around where I live. I dont eat a lot of fast food, but it would be nice to go somewhere outside of the typical ones.
What made your ex an ex?
If we were to colonise Mars in the future would you move there?
How many people on Reddit love jojo?
You get to chose one fast food restaurant to be closed down. Which one would it be?
Friends or family members of Pornstars, how did you find out?
What is the best love song ever wrote?
Gym goers and workout lovers what motivates you when you're feeling lazy or you're not improving?
If you were to write an autobiography, what would the chapter names be?
Movie Theater workers of Reddit, how do you feel about people sneaking in snacks/food?
What is a food Boston is known for?
What is the worst comeback you heard that actually worked?
What food would you probably never get tired of?
People who have experienced virtual love and love irl, is it the same?
What is the biggest difference between high school and college?
Those who have explored the "dark web" , what was your experience like ?
What are some of the weirdest foods you've eaten?
Do you believe in evil?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever heard someone say?
What order do you eat your food? Favorites first, last, no order?
What's the best underrated fast food item?
Have you ever flirted with a friend's partner?
What’s something only rich people would say
Redditors with adoptive parents, or Redditors who have adopted, what advice do you have for those looking to adopt in the future?
Redditors who work in a field that you absolutely love, did you always know what you wanted to do?
What was your biggest ‘damn I was a dumbass’ moment from growing up?
Restaurant employees, what’s the most disgusting thing you’ve done to food unbeknownst to the customers?
Those with relatives in prison: how private do you keep this part of your life? Who do you tell and how much do you tell them?
What's a food that taste EXACTLY how you would think based on its appearance?
If any of you have been in a relationship at some point, how would you describe your lover?
Koreans go crazy when they’re away from or have no access to kimchi, so to the international people of reddit: what is the one food you crave/miss when you’re away from your home country?
Best website for info snippets?
What is the best music video you have ever seen?
Was there a time where your dog warned you that something was wrong?
what's the worst food product in your opinion?
What's the one thing meatloaf wouldnt do for love?
What's the thing about your life you love the most right now?
What is a food or dish that seemed common when you were younger but rarely (if ever) see anymore?
How do I get my brother to make me bacon?
What is the worst thing you have tasted?
Men and woman of reddit, what do you hate about men and woman of reddit posts?
Parents of Reddit, please be honest - do you love your children equally? We won't tell
As someone with no programming skills how hard is getting a degree in IT?
What is that one question(s) that you wish your loved ones would ask you?
Reddit: In 2011 I lost my dearest friend to suicide. How have you dealt with the loss of a lover or best friend to something you feel like you could have stopped if you had just been there that day?
What/Where are some good jobs for a high school/college student?
$$$ Millionaire and Billionaire of Reddits: how much money do you spend in a day for food?
What solid advice for starting a new job in a new field you haven’t worked in before?
What food/ingredients you can mix together that doesn't taste as bad as it sounds?
Alfa-Bits cereal are letters, Lucky Charms are different shaped charms — what is Cap’n Crunch cereal supposed to be?
Any weird or crazy love stories?
Why girls are called 'snacks' these days?
Anyone have that photo of a Soviet turbo jet train?
What was super fun as a kid but sucks as an adult?
You are tasked to pick the title for a movie where the universally beloved actors Bill Murray and Tom Hanks are discovered to be a pair of serial killers, what should this movie be called?
How to get 8 hours of sleep in 4 hours?
I just failed my first test in my first college class
Music producers of Reddit, what's the best advice you can give to a beginner?
Waiters of Reddit, what are the things you hate and love the most about this job?
What foodstuff do you hate the most? Would you eat it for treasure?
What is something that is normal to be able to, but you can't do?
If (in your teens) someone played you a love song they wrote about you, should it be creepy or cute?
(serious) What’s your favorite mixed drink?
People who automatically salt your food before tasting it, why don't you take a bite first?
People of Reddit what's your food fetish?
Why do you think people worship Minecraft nowadays even tho it was as hated as Fortnite some years ago???
What food do you really want right now?
Picky eaters, what are some foods you refuse to eat and why?
What is the weirdest reason you've been given detention?
[Serious] What are some of the highest paying jobs currently, that do not require a college degree, that people may not know about?
What scares you the most when it comes to your health?
What is the worst thing that happened to you while working in the fast food industry?
How would the legalization of all narcotics effect society, if it ranged globally?
Did you ever have a cartoon character that you were in love with?
Have you ever wondered if your whole life is just one massive Truman Show that everyone you know and love is hiding from you?
If you had the opportunity to date a celebrity, who would you choose ?
Think of your favorite actor. What role will make us hate them? And what role will make us love them?
When did you realize you were in love with your SO?
Is the majority just okay with Brie Larson? Or is it a minority?
What is your favorite Keanu Reeves character?
Redditors, what do you love most about the internet?
If a restaurant had the most delicious impeccable food known to man, but gave you diarrhoea everytime you ate food from there, would you continue to eat there? Why or why not?
What's the worst screenname you've ever had, anywhere (Reddit, Minecraft, Google account, XBox, etc.)?
Dead people of Reddit where do you see yourself in 10 years
If you were granted a wish by the genie, how would you word it correctly to avoid any terrible twist the genie is infamous for?
I want some tacos. What food are you craving right now?
What is the thing you regret not doing the most?
Why do girls on dating apps love tacos so much?
What is your guilty pleasure food?
What is a trio of foods/ingredients where each pair of 2 ingredients tastes good together, but all 3 together just don't work?
If you had to permanently get rid of one emotion, what would it be and why?
What normal and/or popular food do you not like?
What is one activity or thing that everyone around you loves but you hate?
Does my cat lick me because she loves me or because she thinks I’m dirty?
In what ways, no matter how little or big, can we save Earth?
What are the top camera APK for Android?
What are you currently looking forward to?
Now that abortions are returning to the back alley, what are some at-home methods of inducing miscarriage?
what stereotype do you hate most?
In Rick and Morty, Rick says, “good and bad is an artificial construct.” Do you agree? Why or why not?
What does the flag code say about a printed flag on a piece of paper? Is that paper suddenly supposed to be respected by people? Would you?
What would you make socially acceptable that currently isn't?
People of Reddit, what is a weird food combination that I should try?
What’s you’re favorite love song and why?
What are the highest paying jobs someone without a college education can get?
What are some of the most effective ways to combat mosquitos (types of clothing, sprays, etc.)? I love to be outside with my dogs and garden but every time I take a step into my backyard, no matter what, I'm covered with mosquitos in a minute. Suggestions?
Have any of you taken food from a delivery person that came to your house in error? If So, tell the story.
What is your pets pet peeve?
What’s the thing that your partner does that makes you feel they love you?
[Serious]Other than accessing region-locked content, how can I take advantage of my new VPN service?
Is "true love" an endangered concept?
Why do Vegans like to make their food look and taste like meat?
A college classmate (35M) I (35F) hadn't seen in 10 years asked to meet for drinks at 8pm on the weekend before flying to another country the next day. What do you reckon his intentions are?
What is a food combination you thought you would hate but loved?
Depressed/anxious people of Reddit, what does love feel like to you?
How can I become a millionaire over night?
Is spirit Airlines at all lenient about their carrier dimensions for pets?
What are the best foods to eat while waiting 2 weeks for a dental appointment? Lots of tooth pain, but I don’t want to make it worse or gain weight eating soft junk food.
What actor do you hate or love and why?
What is the worst food you have eaten in a foreign country??
Is there a term for this: when you're not suicidal, like you dont wanna die, but some days you're like "man none of this woulda happened if I just wasnt alive?"
Why do people love small talk?
What is the worst way you have earned money as a broke college student?
Can you truthfully say that you love yourself or something about yourself?
[Serious] What name of show where American and Italian beat the President?
What’s the weirdest thing that happened to you in college?
Is it true that Bexey stole Lil Peep`s belongings after he died?
If life was to form out of an element other than carbon what would that element be and what would that life form be like?
Redditors with English as a second language, what English words do you love/hate?
What was the fastest you've ever driven in reverse, and why did you have to?
Whats the strangest food u ever ate?
"I was sooooo amazed that whales were nutting food for their kids. And massively disgusted of course."
Does online dating lead to a more successful love life now days?
Music lovers of Reddit, what is one song/band from your country that you want other nationalities to listen?
Redditors who are married or with the same person for several years, how do you keep the romance alive and stay “in” love?
I'm in my senior year and I know how is it parting with your school friends? Is college life superior to school life? Is it hard getting in a college? Is there a lot of bullying?
if you had to play one game for a week straight in VR what game would it be?
Full disclosure: Ladies, do you think any less of a man who couldn't grow a full beard?
What do you think the consumer response would be to a product that lets you search the Internet just by thinking?
Do you eat food while in the bath, if so why?
You are allowed to swap out one of the four faces on Mt. Rushmore (Washington, Jefferson, Roosevelt, Lincoln) for another face: who goes away in favor of whom?
Redditors, do any of you have a love at first sight story that ultimately ended in marriage?
do you guys think we are alone in this universe? If not, why and when could we find creatures, and if yes, why do you think this?
What's the innocent little thing your SO does that you love?
What is the most fond memories you have of a passed loved one?
I am 100% straight and have never had any self doubt on my orientation whatsoever. But...I love a nice long rimming, and one of my fantasies is a threesome with myself and another dude going to town on a woman. Am I alone in this or would you say pretty regular?
[Serious] which artist / band you discovered and loved that doesn't line up with your music taste ?
What is more powerful, the one ring, or an unlimited supply of taco Bell?
Redditors what was your most memorable "love at first sight" moments?
A really cute guy likes me, but I’m SO ugly I know he’s gonna ask me out soon but I’m too afraid to say yes because how can I love someone else if I can’t love myself, ya know?
To all the Food Deliverers, have you ever delivered food to a famous person? Like Actors, Streamers, Models, Singers, etc?
A nano-size explosive chip is inside your penis right now for an entire year: exploding, if you get the slightest boner at all. What wold you do to survive this horrific event? And would it be effective?
Can you tell when a person slightly averts eye-contact by looking at a different part of your face? If you do, do you judge them for it if they only do it partially while they get to know you?
What’s the best joke you’ve herd?
What is one thing you hate about yourself, and 3 things you love about yourself?
Do you fill the bath before or after you hop in the tub?
Who are the most boring entertainers of Hollywood?
What's the allegedly "grossest" food you enjoy eating on a regular basis?
Jesus’s body is represented by bread and wine. What food and drink would your body be?
What are rubber bands supposed to be used for in an office?
Why do you love Keanu Reeves?
What is your favorite food?
Which James Bond would win in a free for all on an open field with only the weapons they carry on their person?
What is something everyone else loves that you just aren't in to?
What is something you hate but everyone else seems to love?
Couples in long term relationships with very different food views, needs, or diets: How do you make it work and what are your strategies?
What’s a weird food combination you love?
Would you rather throw up every time you drank or pee immediately after swallowing food ?
people with an expensive car, how do you deal with people taking selfies with your car?
What is the weirdest food you have eaten?
What is the worst situation you've ever been in?
What's a book or author that's commonly much beloved but you personally dislike and how do you explain your preference to confused peers?
What's the best word play you've ever heard in a song? Which song?
What "fake" websites from movies or tv shows are real websites (links please) you can visit?
If you were to build a robot that accomplished ONE task, what would it be?
How to politely refuse someone's food you don't want to eat?
How long did you chase that potential partner? What did you love about them? Why did you let them go?
Why do rich, famous, successful men have sex with multiple young beautiful women have they forgotten what love is?
What lie did you say that got you into a bigger problem?
Serious. How do you get over the love of your life after you fucked it up and can never fix it.
What is your love story?
What’s something you just absolutely love right now?
What was your first car experience like?
What is that gift that you want to get yourself/are hoping to get for your birthday?
What’s something you’d love to brag about but never get a chance to?
What excuse do you use when you are calling out from work, but you aren't actually sick and you don't want to lie?
What is the biggest lie you have been told by a child?
What does having a personality mean to you?
What food/item/etc. has been ruined for you due to a past relationship/friendship?
Redditors who work in the food industry, what's your opinion of competitive cooking shows?
What's a place that seems fine during the day but gets really creepy at night?
Fast food workers of reddit, what is a positive story you wish to share?
What's the most disturbing thing you've discovered about someone you loved or admired?
In a contest to see who can eat 5lbs of food the fastest, where contestants can choose what 1 food item they eat 5lbs of...what do you choose to ensure you win?
Men of reddit congratulations you are now gay, describe your ideal man.
Foodies of reddit, what is your dream food to eat but too broke to afford.
What is a fun fact that you know, but will never have a need for?
Love, Death &amp; Robots. Short stories seen here or WPs ever?
How common are women who absolutely love and enjoy sex?
If a girl is told by a man to let him go and move and she does, why would a man come back weeks later to confess his love only to leave once he found out she was intimate with her new man?
College Admissions Officers of Reddit, what’s the best/most creative college essay you’ve ever read?
Servers of reddit, have you ever actually spit in food? If so, what was the scenario?
What should our wedding hashtag be?
So I’m going to be DM’ing a D&amp;D session in about 6 hours and have prepared zero content. What NPCs have you come across in your time playing or have you thought about but never created that would like to be apart of my story for the night
What are some things (academically, financially, etc...) that college has taught you?
What is something you could name a food or drink that would make people go, "why would you call it that?"
Is it not possible to work (to live on social assistance, to do small part-time jobs here and there), not to go to college (without rich parents) and still have friends who are intellectually up-to-date?
What held you back from telling your partner I love you even though you felt it?
You are asked to create a new college major. What would it be?
What was one of your best posts or comment that for whatever reason got removed?
What was an unforgettable moment you had during college?
What is your favorite comfort food?
What food would make the grossest potato chip flavor?
What is the worst, normal thing you have seen a parent do to their child?
Is it better to eat all of your food at once or ration it out?
What unlikely way did you get busted for something you should have gotten away with?
What is your worst experience at a restaurant (service or food)?
Seriously what is the worst job you ever had?
Hey men do you still care/love your ex-wife?
What is an underrated food combination?
Is there something you loved as a child, but now hates?
Fast food employees of Reddit, what is the worst thing you have done to, or are aware has happened to, customers food?
Do you think Canada should keep birthright citizenship? (For school)
Roommate will not stop eating our food
In 10 words or less, what is your love story? Happy or tragic.
What's a phrase you love to use that others don't use as often?
People of Reddit, how do you spoil your boyfriend and make him feel loved and appreciated?
Reddit, You’re at an extremely fancy party. You ate a lot of food that was mainly extremely spicy. You really really have to go to the bathroom, but the bathroom is full with important people like the queen of England. All the openings and exists are closed. What do you do?
What do you usually do when you wake up in the middle of the night and can't fall back asleep?
You get one variety of finished food to eat for the rest of your life (Eg pizza, but not broad cuisines like 'italian'). It is nutritionally balanced, you can have whatever variety of it you like, and it fits your dietary requirements. What do you pick?
If you could go back in time to get something to then sell in the future to make more money what would it be?
What is the best mistake you’ve made and what happened afterwards?
Redditors that dropped out of college or didn’t attend, what are you doing now? How did your decision impact your life?
Fast food employees of Reddit: What are some of the strangest things you have seen customers do?
Cat lovers why cat keep changing places of kitten when they are born ?
People who have let employees have free will do whatever they wanted with your food, hair, etc, how did it turn out?
As a person who has way too many hobbies and not enough time to excel at any of them, how do you narrow down what you love to get serious about studying one of them?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever done while drunk or high?
Do we actually build up a tolerance to spicy foods? Or does our brain get slowly trained to ignore the pain?
/u/AutoModerator on I love my children so much it scares me. Why?
What's something you wish you'd put on your college packing list?
If you could get fast food for the rest of your life for free but it had to only be one place, what would it be?
People who are extremely efficient at shopping and saving money, what is your secret?
People who have had the same haircut/style for decades, why?
What is the best car you have ever owned? Make Model Color and Year?
Who is you kpop ult(s) and why?
If you were a stripper who tried to put yourself through college how did it work out?
I'm just curious. What state do y'all think has the best food overall?
People of Reddit, how did/do you know when your in love?
How do you kindly say, fuck you?
What would you do if the world ended tomorrow ?
Fast food employees of reddit, what are some of your horror stories?
Who or what were you in your past life?
Parents of Reddit: What’s the most bizarre pregnancy craving you (or your wife) has had?
[Serious] Does anyone have a number on how many WW2 vets there are left? Everytime I read about one in the news, they died...
People of Reddit, I don't know if this has been asked before but, what's the dumbest thing you did for someone you love but doesn't love you back?
What are some of your pets' personality quirks?
What's the weirdest food combination you loved as a kid?
What's your weirdest combination of food combination that you love but everyone else thinks is wack?
Career people of Reddit - do you love your job - and if not, what would you rather be doing?
How do I go about patenting a food recipe?
How much does an " I love you" cost?
What was your first job after university/college, and what was the salary?
Ex- rich people of reddit, how did you loose your fortune?
What's your high school \ college graduation story?
Fast food employees of reddit, why is your ice cream machine always broken?
/u/AutoModerator on For the past three nights in every single one of my dreams a family member has been brutally murdered Infront of me, especially ones who I love the most and the same yesterday with my ex (who I still love). Sleep now seems horrifying. Can someone please explain this for me?
If you could travel to any video game map, where would you go?
What fictional character would you love to have as your mentor?
Was Li Shang (Mulan’s love interest) from the movie Mulan bisexual?
How can we forget someone we love? (if she doesn't love us)
People studying at college/university, what's your recipe for success to get through the hard times?
Since a political party/faction has its own media outlet, instead of a seperation of Media/Journalism from the parties - doesn't that create a vector for interference by other parties?
Ok Reddit. If we all register as Republican and take over their party, what are the logistics and pitfalls of that?
What kind of foods do you prefer to eat when you’re sick?
What is the most profound ways to tell someone you love them?
Who was your worst teacher and why
Barbers and hairstylists - what's the juiciest or most interesting thing shared at your shop?
Why didn’t you go to college / university and do you regret it?
Movie lovers of Reddit, are you excited for A24 new horror film “Midsommar”?
Deaf people
Something in ear
Not including Second Responders to a disaster, what jobs receive no love or respect but should?
People of Reddit: What is your go to food?
Musical lovers of Reddit what is your favourite musical and why?
How gay are you - out of 10? What makes you say that?
On opposite day how do you tell somebody you love them?
What are your most romantic stories about finding your lover?
What was a bad decision you almost made before post nut clarity ?
What is typical food for a tailgate party in your country?
If you were allowed to eat one type of food for the rest of your life what would it be?
What was the stupidest thing you have done within the last 48 hours?
People who work at Subway, what food item should we avoid?
Like bananas or flat lemonade, when you were a kid what food/drink did your folks always give you when you were sick?
Reddit billionaires and millionaires how much do you spend in a day for food?
searching for videos from a deleted youtube channel, maybe someone here on reddit knows where to find. I';m sure someone must have downloaded them... there was a brazilian girl called cecilia goncalves with funk dancing videos, but her channel is deleted now. Does anyone know where to find them???
What food were you excited to try, but turned out to be a let down?
I commented this on an /r/AskReddit thread. Got the nostalgia feels. Figure it might resonate with some of you cats who were on the come up in the 90's. Peace and love.
What is something the sex you are attracted to does with the hair/makeup/clothes that is an instant turn off?
[Serious] People who have bought DSLR cameras, what's the best Camera App on your phone?
How has someone completely ruined a very simple food?
Why doesn't food come to your home automatically?
What is the strangest conversation you and your significant other have had?
If Reddit was tasked with a bank heist who would be in charge of what ?
Those that have been to prison, how was the food?
Do you ever feel sorry for your left hand when you are right handed? Or vice versa.
How would society be different if humans reproduced by women leaving her eggs in a small, stoney, nest in a cold, clean stream and men jacked off all over them?
If could say one thing to a deceased loved one, what would it be?
What are some relatively unknown artists/bands that you enjoy?
What if you eat one type of food all your life?
What’s the best way to pass the time at a job in fast food?
Why do people suddenly love Keanu Reeves so much (no hate)?
What's something you wish you knew before you made love for the first time?
You see your most hated person being attacked brutally by your love/love interest. What action do you take?
What is the phrase you say the most without thinking about it?
Ex-coffee/tea lovers of reddit, What are some of the strangest caffeine-withdrawal symptoms you have felt?
By your experience, can someone fall in love for two persons at the same time? What is your story?
Artist of Reddit. Whats the weirdest art project you had to do for school?
If you were a food item and life would be your method of getting cooked, what are you and what way have you been cooked
Nice app
What’s a notoriously bad or unpopular movie you just love and enjoy?
What is one change that you would love to make to reddit?
People who have went to college was the debt worth the education?
/u/AutoModerator on Hey redditors can you suggest an eye catching unique and funny name for a food blog i am about to start?
If food trucks played music like ice cream trucks, what kind of music would play for each kind of cuisine?
What is the funniest story of someone getting a girl pregnant by accident?
How did you find out that your first love is not your last one? Why did you break up?
Has anyone ever had Haitian food?
Giant spider disappeared in my bedroom
What's a song or band you used to love but now can't stand?
How did you moved on from the person you loved?
What was the creepiest date you’ve been on?
They say “Don’t chase love, let it find you” How much do you agree or disagree with this?
What’s your most psychic moment?
What's the best cheap food?
Tell me about the dumbest and most unnecessary thing you did for a crush/SO bc i know love makes us stupid
What do you love about blasting rapid fire farts into your SOs home office?
What celebrity do you hate but everyone else seems to love?
When is quality better than quantity?
Since college isn't doing great anymore, what are some alternatives?
What conspiracy theory do you actually believe?
What is a food that you should never eat more than 1 serving of?
What is your experience with the paranormal?
What is it like to fall in love with someone? Or even just develop a crush?
What is that moment that you realized your partner doesn't love you anymore.
What is that one story/anecdote you would love to share, but no one ever asks the right question in this subreddit?
[SERIOUS]What is the best option when trying to fall out of love with someone who is in a relationship that you have fallen deep into love with?
Parents of reddit, do you really love all of your children the same?
What is a song you cannot stand listening to on the radio but you love the acoustic version?
What's the most hurtful way you've been treated on reddit and why?
Why don't British singers sing with a British accent; It's always an American accent Culture?
What is your favorite food in the entire world?
Is it ever too early to tell your SO “I love you”?
People of reddit, what is one of your secret weord food combination?
What is the physical feature that you find most attractive on a person?
Friends from around the world, what is your opinion of the immigrant detention camps in the USA?
What is a job that you recently discovered exists?
Why do people love saying good morning to each other?
What are some misconceptions about California?
What do you love about the person you hate?
Without putting up a sign, what's a way that your dwelling can shout "No Soliciting"?
What question would you love to answer but probably will never be asked to you?
If you could name a street in honor of one of your favorite musicians, who would it be ?
What does water taste like?
How many good friends do you have? Do you believe they love you as much as you do?
What is your favorite paradox?
Fast food worker of reddit was the crazy thing that happen to you while working
What is the dumbest thing you have done for someone you like/love?
What have you learned from reddit that has been useful in real life?
What was something you loved when you were younger but hate now?
(Serious) What’s the most mature advice you’ve ever received regarding love/being in a relationship?
Adults of Reddit, what snack food did you absolutely LOVE as a child but can't stand at all now and why?
What’s something you hate or love about yourself?
People who converted religions, why?
People who have lost pets, what are some things that your pets used to do that you miss the most?
What is the most romantic date that you ever had with your loved one?
People with pets , how do you plan going out of home for extended directions without them ?
What's that one song that you love but can't jam out to it with your friends?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest combination of foods you enjoy (And why do you enjoy it)?
Professional chefs of reddit, what kind of food do you make at home?
What is your best “no shit Sherlock” experience?
What's the best gift you've given a significant other?
If humans were pets, what would our owners find most annoying about us?
[SERIOUS] People with dogs/pets that have saved your life , what's the story ?
Should it be considered homosexual for a man to vote for another man....obviously, but why?
Fast food/retail managers, what’s the worst/best situation you’ve ever had while dealing with a customer?
What’s the best movie that you’ve accidentally come across (like you had no intention of watching it but you were bored and did and you loved it)?
What are the most humorously ignorant people to follow on Twitter?
What was the sweetest revenge you could get?
What is the worst part about you?
Who is someone in history who you love but you never hear about in the school books?
[SERIOUS] You find out the love of your life has been cheating on you what do you do?
What is an illegal thing you would love to do (¡ am not FBI)?
What is a food that you imagined the taste of before trying it for the first time and you were actually accurate about it?
Every holiday has now been deleted, what would be some new ones we could come up with?
food advice
What TV shows did you love as a kid that were/are seen as forgettable by the general public?
My mom is acting like a teenager in love
What expectation of love did you have to let go of in order to make it work?
What feature do you love, or wish you had, in your kitchen?
If you could magically erase once piece of technology from exsistace to better yourife or better human kind, what would it be and why?
(To the Americans) What do you ‘love’ about America and what do you absolutely ‘hate’ about America and what would you change about America?
Do you guys love crossing bridges?
What food do you cook or prepare in an unconventional way?
Redditors who’ve settled for someone who they’re not actually in love with, what’s your story?
General question but what is your guys favorite food?
Aspies and autists, do you want/need friends or not? Why?
Redditors all over the world: What do you call (using your dialect or given language) that gooey substance found on your tear duct?
Employees and managers of restaurants/fast food chains, what were the worst “Karen” moments you’ve experienced?
How to be supportive to a partner living with mental illness eg. Depression
Women of Reddit. What are some things that a dad should know while raising girls?
What is something small or unusual that you are proud of?
What are the chances that a large portion of celebrities are under some form of trauma based programming ?
Japanese speakers and students of Reddit, is it feasible to learn Japanese during four years in college?
What’s the scariest kidnapping story you’ve heard?
You’ve been hired by the CIA to torture people, but you aren’t allowed to cause any physical harm to the people you torture. How do you torture them?
Fast food lovers of Reddit, what is your biggest drive thru pet peeve?
Past fast food employees of Reddit, what disgusting thing that companies with their food made you decide to stop eating there?
People who think sex should be saved for actual trust and love regarding dating but are okay with adult films, why is that?
You can get 3 wishes, but only if you give up the person/thing you love most
Which are the moment when people you love greatly disappoint you
People who have lived in college dorm rooms. How was your experience?
What good are mosquitoes other than a food source for other creatures?
Have you ever thought about how we complain that we do not like the food or we cry because we don't get that phone while there are kids who are working all day and get very little money and no education?
What’s above you right now?
You can eat only one food for the rest of your life, what is it?
When did you realize the first time that you were in love. ACTUALLY in love?
looking for a harp... friend played harp beautifully in high school but has to give it up due to costs for college, if anyone knows of where one could find, or get a harp inexpensively would love the info... anywhere in the nyc area!?
What do you love most?
You'd eat healthy if you didn't love what so much?
Whats in your drafts?
What is a case of someone being AFK in real life?
What questions should I ask on a college tour?
How are you today?
What is a food you think is underrated?
Out of the comments you have made on reddit, which has the most upvotes?
People who are in love with their best friend how are things going on now, what happened?
What's a song that you attribute more to an artist that did a cover of it than the original artist?
Why tip on a pick-up order for food? Its not like you’re sitting and dining.
If you had to choose only one color food to eat for the rest of your life, what color would that be? (Ex. Green-broccoli, lettuce, grapes)
Which foods are inexpensive enough for a low income family to survive on?
What was a time you were inpressed by a scammer?
What’s a morally correct thing you did that you regret intensely?
Fellow lefties of Reddit, why do you love/hate being a lefty?
What food taste better at night than in the morning?
I love waking at 4am and wondering what in the actual fuck I'm doing with my life. What keeps you up at night?
How can you learn to love someone?
Love thy neighbour/fellow human as much as yourself (very much) - do you love them? Why or not?
Car marked with symbol, do you know what it is/means?
How do you know someone loves you when they’re too scared to say it?
Teachers of reddit, what is the dumbest thing the smart kid said/did?
Which is the subreddit where you pass most of your time on Reddit?
What's one thing you loved as a child, but dislike now?
Do dogs have Stockholm syndrome or do they really just love us?
How do I get a kid to stop harassing me on social media?
What is some advise you wished someone told you before you went to college?
If you are gonna get reincarnated as an animal/creature, what would it be and why?
Where has our society gone wrong and how do we correct the path?
How has losing a loved one changed you for the better, or the worse?
What's the weirdest Street food you ever eaten
What is the single meanest thing you ever said to someone you love, and how did it motivate you to change or become a better person?
When were you conceived?
Women of reddit what do men think women find attractive but has the exact opposite effect and pushes you away more? [Serious]
Vegetarian of Reddit, how to you feel about eating insects as a sustainable food source?
What type of food/dish is infinitely better when enjoyed at a certain place or time?
When was a time someone on the internet convinced you you were wrong?
How did you feel when you first fell in love (not just a crush) and what did you love about that person?
What moment made you realize you were in love with your significant other?
Dear college students with roommates have you ever caught your roommate/s doing something weird. If yes, what is it?
Where did you move to after college?
What are your top 5 potato chips flavors?
Cheaters of reddit. Why did you cheat on your love partner?
What makes you get out of bed?
How did you come up with your Reddit username?
What toys does your cat love?
[serious] When were the moment you understood you didn’t live in a good/safe family?
Chefs of Reddit, do you get tired cooking from the same set menu/ same type of food every night?
To break the myth.
What's a question you've love to know the answer to, but haven't found the right subreddit to ask it in?
[Serious] what are ways to not feel alone or unloved?
For girls only | What's the worst thing a guy has said/done on a date ?
What jobs haven't been made any easier by technology? (Any technology at all, not just computers)
What is your "Be careful what you wish for" moment?
What is your comfort food?
Do you really need to take notes at college even if eBooks are a thing these days?
What are the people from reddit favourite takeaway/fast-food and why?
You get to come up with a new name for your Country. What is your Country and what new name do you give it?
People of Reddit, what is something you did that made you feel glorious at the time but later caused regret and grief
What food are you currently addicted to? And why do you love it so much?
In a fantasy world where all the population are sentient anthropomorphic animals, how would food work? What would replace meat, if it would be considered "canibalism"?
Who is Keanu Reeves? And why do I keep seeing him everrywhere? Why does everyone love him?
How can I (F21) avoid falling in love too fast?
What is something you told yourself you wouldn't like that turned out to be something you love?
Reddit why do you hate putting ketchup on your food?
What is your view on romantic love as a essential to a happy life?
What are two foods that sound terrible together but are actually really good?
What junk food is unexpectedly healthy?
What's the red flag going into college/university?
If I eat double the amount of identical foods over a 3 month period, should I have twice the ldl cholesterol as when I eat half that amount over a different 3 month period?
How can I get into college when I’m 23 and have never taken the SAT/ACT?
Can I truly find love
What is your guys screen time and what are your doing to decrease that time?
If you were to one dish for the lest of your life, what would it be?
Aside from loved ones, what's the most important thing you've ever lost?
People who have never found love in their lives, what's your story?
(Serious) If you love someone more than your partner/kids? Who’s the person? Why?
[Serious] How do you deal with a breakup where you both love each other but it's just not the right time for a relationship?
If you got a random country to live in for the rest of your life which one would you least want to live in and what country do you want to live the most
What are the things/situations that are worse than death?
After going to college/university did you continue to hangout with your high school friends? What if you didn’t like them now?
If you had no memory of what food looked like and were presented a platter of edible and inedible stuff, what is a type of food you wouldn’t guess was edible?
How safe is it to visit Syria right now?
Why is rice the perfect food?
People of reddit: what is something you love and hate about your current job?
What's your "I found love again" story?
What's your go to survival food when the money is low?
What unusual food should people make an effort to try?
Why should you work hard in life? Why does a human seek greatness?
what is love?
What do you think happens when you die?
What was your worst case of food poisoning?
Why do Jamaicans leave their food out overnight?
What's the wost thing you can assume about introverts or extroverts?
Whats that smell that others hate but you love?
Students of reddit, what part of university/college surprised you the most?
Who loves you, seriously?
People with good families, how would life be like without them? Better, worst, or the same?
What's the strangest food you've eaten?
People that blast music loudly in public/school hall/ college road. Why?
If someone you loved was killed right in front of you, but someone created a copy of them which was perfect right down to the atomic level,would you love them just as much?
Redditors who cheated their way through college: How did you careers turn out?
What is the purpose of throw away accounts when the story published would be easily identifiable from the people you are trying to hide it from?
How many of you are using the degree you went to college for right now?
Do guys have a thing for redheads? Some hate us, some love us and I just want to get to the bottom of it ?
You can only eat 1 type of food for the rest of your life. What do you pick and why?
How to deal with the emotion where a person you love lives in another country and after they have visited you they need to go home but it makes you super melancholic afterwards?
Horseracers of Reddit, does anyone else have a bug bite fetish?
What is the fine line between being edgy and being a pos?
Redditors over 35 - Not counting porn, what was the first website you ever went to?
When you kiss your lover, does their breath stink?
Favourite Band/Artist everyone hates, but you love? Always been Nickelback for me
Those who smoke, what kind of absurd food creations have you made that actually tasted so good when sober as well?
Canada people on Reddit , what's food you would recommend to someone come to your country for 1st time ?
What's a hobby or interest you love discussing, and why is that?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the most inaccurate or annoying thing you've heard someone say about your favorite game?
Weebs of Reddit, you have been given the task writing the concept for a 10 minute short starring any main antagonist from JoJo's Bizarre Adventures. What is the concept you'll present?
attention summer lovers, what are the best summer free time activities ?
Ladies if he actually seriously loves you and takes care of you but the sex is not good. Will you be happy?
What relaxes you the most?
You have one month and infinite money to burn on travel, but you can only visit one country, where do you go and why?
Do you put your pickles in your sandwich or on your sandwich?
People of Reddit. What’s the most disgusting food you have had in your life?
After a tiring day, what do you do to make yourself feel better?
Back in the day my parents had a Belgian waffle iron, a wedding gift, that was unsegmented. It made huge fluffy waffles that were the staple to our holiday/special occasion traditions. I can't find a new one that doesn't have segments. Can anyone point me in the right direction?
People in food service or food prep, have you ever spit in someone’s food?
what is the most amazing thing that the 'weird kid' has done?
What's that odd food combination that you're secretly dieing/willing to try?
The zombie apocalypse started 2 days ago and you are stuck in your house with your family. Your starting to run out of food and water. What is your plan to get out of this mess ?
I’m finally going to college and I’ve been a slacker my entire life. How can I change for good?
You are stuck on an island for 1 year and can only eat one food, so it should be something you won’t get sick of (in this hypothetical you have access to any food or restaurant imaginable), but when you come home, you can never eat that food ever again. What food do you choose?
Adventurers of Reddit: I am fifteen and I would like to take off half of the next school year to hike the Appalachian trail with my dad. He would love to do it with me, but there is just one problem. My mom hates the thought of us leaving. How can I convince her otherwise?
What musician/artist do you you dislike but everyone else seems to love?
American drivers of reddit, which state has the worst drivers?
Been very down lately, Any tips to get off deep depression?
What's the worst decision you've ever made?
What’s something you don’t miss about college? Schoolwork excluded
Dog owners of reddit, what is the most horrifying experience you have ever had with your dog?
I have quit smoking for about 5 months,and i don't feel anything at all,I'm not happy that i quit or anything,I just feel that something is messing from me,maybe because i don't think i was addicted as much as i loved smoking,everything about it is so magical and beautiful,am i the only one ?
What crazy college dorm room stories do you have?
College Students And Professors what are some tips and tricks you can give to people who are going into or are considering heading to college?
How are you feeling that every decision you had by now, brought you into reading this title?
Redditors who pay for the monthly Pornhub plan: Why is it worth it?
What’s your hollywood love story?
People who've chosen art history, gender studies, music or anthropology as their major in college, why?
What is your response to scam callers?
Redditors, do you believe in true love?
What moment make you do a whole 360 with your life, and turn it around for the better?
What's the best thing about your country? Why do you love your country, or why don't you?
Any foods edible and good for us, that can be eaten that haven't been tried yet?
Why do men fall in love easier than woman?
My gf cheated on me by having a trio with some friends of her, what now? I still love her
If the snap were to happen in real life and was irreversible, who would want to have snapped?
You combine the two last foods you ate and you need to eat it. How screwed are you?
Redditors who did Greek life in college, what were some secret traditions or initiations that you had in your frat/sorority?
Amish of reddit, have you ever cheated and used electronics?
What is something your pet has done that amazed you?
Which hotel do you love to stay in world?
People criticize governments to a very high degree (as they should), but what would you do to fix things if you were elected into office?
What is your version of no food=no life?
My friend is not going to college because "I'm not well", when he's clearly fine. How can I convince him otherwise?
Gamers of Reddit, what’s the most pro-gamer move you’ve ever seen?
People who cheated death, how did you do it?
[Serious] How to NOT fall inlove?
What are some good things to do when you're bored at work
[Serious] Reddit, What is your, "Run away now!" feeling that saved your life.
What music lyrics did you mishear until someone corrected you?
What food item cannot last long in your house and gets finish real fast?
I'm a novice programmer and I have trouble finding ways to learn more. What are ways I can practice programming?
Famous people of reddit, what’s the strangest thing a fan has asked you to sign?
Truck drivers of Reddit, what is something you wish more drivers knew?
What is your childhood dream and How much have you deviated from that?
What was the funniest moment of your life?
(Serious) Why do cats act like they're out of food when they aren't?
What are your hidden talents?
what’s the most ridiculous name/insult someone has said to you simply bc they were mad at you and it had no real correlation to you?
People of Reddit: If you could remake any movie using only sock puppets, what movie would you remake?
Around 50 years ago, seatbelts and airbags weren't really a thing and people were fine with that. What improvements will people be talking about 50 years from now?
Pirates of Reddit, where be my beloved pearl?
Karma Issue
Redditors who left their comfortable/easy/well-paying/beloved jobs - How did you make that decision and why?
Men who have gotten rejected when you proposed, how did you react in that moment and how did everything turn out?
What brand-name foods are you most particular about when grocery shopping?
If you die in a dream, what happens next?
Wherever you store your pictures, whether it be entirely on your phone, computer, or hard drive, do you keep photographs you've taken and pictures you've downloaded (memes, artwork, etc...) separate?
What is a ‘sick people food’ that you really enjoy? Eg: porridge
What is the one thing you wish you could take back?
What food app have you really taken advantage of?
How would you describe your sex life using a quote from the Office?
If someone challenged you to see who could make $15,000 first , how would you go about winning without resorting to sexual or illicit activities?
You get to choose your sex or the sex of your lover, which do you choose?
Any advice for peeps who are just starting in college?
Girls of reddit, would you date someone who has a worst degree than you (dont mean money, lets say you make same amount)?
Blenderer's of reddit. How did you learn Blender and what is the best way to do so?
What is the worst thing that someone you loved has said to you?
How did you confess your love?
Redditors who love in tourist-heavy areas. What has been changed to pander to tourists?
What are some creative ways you cheated on your exam
In german a Slug is called a naked snail. What’s funny in your language when translated in English?
If you drop food on the floor, how often do you pick it up and eat it?
Anyone know a free weight loss app that tells you how many total calories you ate in a week after logging food?
I am a newbie , just entered the workforce. I am also new to the whole "investing world" and "Stock markets". What are some of the things one should know when entering a stock market. What are the dos and donts? Any books I can read to understand the market better ?
What are some good alternative responses to "occupied" when another person tries to get into your bathroom stall in a public area?
Any happy ending first love stories here? I just wanna believe it does happen in real life!
You can only use one sauce for the rest of your life and you have to put it on every food you eat, what sauce do you choose?
Redditors what is the greatest feat of bravery you have witnessed?
What do you think of homeless people who grab a dirty cup from the trash and fill it with soda at a fast food restaurant?
People of Reddit, whats something you can say or ask somebody that will make them question they’re entire existence?
Hey reddit, what are your talents?
Which famous or historical couple had/has the most badass or heartwarming love story?
What’s a food or drink you refuse to give up even though it’s bad for you?
For those who got an updated Google Home voice this morning, what are your thoughts on the new voice?
What "don't knock it 'till ya try it" food combination would you suggest to others?
What's your movie or show that lacks of a love story?
In your view, what’s the percentage of people who love their job?
Whats your biggest "did that really just happen" moment
If you had a death row meal what food will you choose?
If you could live through a certain part of someone's life in the past or present, who would you choose and which part of their lives?
How do you describe love?
[Serious] What activities/past times did you used to enjoy, but are no longer "what they used to be" since the death of a loved one?
What’s your favourite memory with your most valued loved one/loved one who passed away?
What have you done thats made you think, ‘I’m probably the only person on earth to be doing this right now’?
Which country would you love to live in and why?
Which actors/actresses would you love to see playing film versions of your favorite Video Game characters?
What does it feel like to fall out of love with someone?
What are some really good food combinations?
Who was the worst teacher you had in school/college?
What is something that people do or love that is fun/cute/normal but you hate
Who is your love that "got away"?
How would it affect your relationship if your significant other decided to come clean and ask forgiveness for an ongoing love affair they've been having with a walrus behind your back?
People of Reddit with two dogs adopted at different times, how did you make it so that you don’t love your first more than your second and vise versa?
What was the most interesting part time job you had as a college student?
Music lovers of Reddit. If you had to pick a song to initially introduce someone into your favorite genre of music what should it be?
How to use PornHub safetly without catching a virus etc ?
What is a popular food that you hate ?
People who used to hate a genre of fiction that now love it, what got you to change your mind about it?
Not allowed to eat chicken tenders because father says it’s a “gay” food. How does one respond?
What is the food you love eating when you’re sick?
If you're currently in love or like someone what is something you admire about that person
What “weird” food combination do you constantly crave?
Is it okay to use a kitchen spoon to stir dog food in a dog bowl?
What do you love the most about your car?
What is your best experience as a last bencher in your school/college?
What food combination/meal seems disgusting, but is strangely popular in your country?
Does lucid dreaming really work? What was your lucid dream?
What caused you to fall out of love?
What is the science behind going hot in this sub?
What is something so simple yet you keep forgetting it?
What is something men can do that women can’t?
How do you overcome a feeling of unrequited love from a crush? (Serious)
People who protest outside planned parenthood or those of you who know such people, why do y’all do it?
White people of Reddit, what is your favorite ethnic food?
You are assigned the task of creating a playlist of songs to hype up an NFL team before the super bowl. What song are you putting in the playlist to get them pumped up?
What the weirdest food combination that actually work really well together?
What made the weird kid at your school cool?
Gun lovers of Reddit, what's that one gun you really want in your collection, but haven't got around to buying it yet?
How did you choose your college major?
[Serious]Have you ever seriously considered committing homicide? What’s the story?
Nutritionists of Reddit, what are some common misconceptions people have about food?
What do you love to do but don't get the chance to often?
What food product is thought to be healthy but actually isn't?
What the craziest accident you have caused and gotten away with?
How did you come across your hobby/interest which you love?
Which of the two city girls would you most love to have butt fun sessions with and why?
What is your best skin care routine?
What’s really inside your college transcripts that we forbidden to open the envelope?
If you had to eat one food for the rest of your life, what is a good that could actually keep you alive?
Doctors of Reddit, when was the first time you had to tell a family their loved one had died?
I feel if you cheat on your partner, you're not in love. Have you ever cheated even though you were inlove? Why?
What do you think about people whos beliefs are different to yours?
What is your most memorable “I should fucking run” moment?
What are the thoughts,ideas,links, subreddits,channels,websites,recipes,pages that you really love and want to share it with people of Reddit?
How do you drian a flooded house as fast as possible?
Do you spend enough time on your education?
What helps you to fall asleep?
What's your best perfect timing story?
People who don’t need to sleep around, don’t have 2 partners to date, don’t want to open a relationship up, and just truly love monogamy and having one special person in your life, what planet did you move to and when?
U.S. citizens that studied full time abroad, what was the process? What requirements were needed to get accepted into that college? Were your credits transferrable to the U.S? Were you able to get a job in the field you studied in the U.S.?
What is the cringiest thing you and your partner did in your first relationship?
What is the best food you ever ate ?
Are you still affected by your ex's love life?
Anyone have any fat to fit stories or experiences and how it changed your life?
Dear redditers what is your social/love life like but try say it in emojis in the comments
What is the BEST fast food restaurant?
What are some pornos for intellectuals?
what is your favourite food...?
At what age did you find yourself being the most happy and why?
What sensation do you sometimes feel that you are unsure if others feel?
How can pets improve your depression?
What would you do if a lady scammed you of 100$ and stands right beside you on a bus
Redditors, what's that one time you and your friends love to reminisce about?
[SERIOUS] What would you say to your family or loved one for the last time before they die?
What are some kid-friendly, everyday uses of S.T.E.M. that often go unnoticed?
School life or college life, which one is better?
Dr's, NP's, psychiatrist, have your patients ever came to you asking for a specific medication they saw an advertisement for and how did you respond to that situation?
What food would you buy for the rest of your life(it will be infinitely)if you had 100$?
Who is a singer who you love but is hated?
Reddit, do you love the smell of your own farts?
What would you do if you woke up as the opposite gender?
What’s something weird that gets you hard/horny?
Sprite or 7 up? Why exactly?
What is love?
What do the people of reddit love?
What would you think of a person who is scared that Trump is planning a genocide?
What’s a dead subreddit that you really love?
what makes love hard?
Did someone you grew up with or went to school/college with end up becoming famous?
What's the harshest criticism your best friends would have to say about you?
WingStop Louisiana Rub Help: Their Louisiana rub is great, I love it! The only thing I don’t like is when they SKIMP ON SEASONING THE WINGS! I got 10 in that flavor and honestly about 6 were not even seasoned! Can someone link the recipe to make or a place to buy the rub?
What’s the worst food combination you’ve ever had?
Do you ever just want to give people love and attention without getting anything in return?
What is your junk food weakness?
Adults who aren't picky eaters, and who weren't picky kids, how did your parents talk about food and mealtime, etc.?
What is one food that nobody hates?
What do you like to be called during sex?
If your parents watched right now your post and comment history what would they think?
[Serious] What's the most mismatched couple you've seen that, while looking wildly different, were very much in love?
How did you become friends with "The Weird Kid" at school?
Do you think humans will ever find a way to reach immortality?
What disturbing food fact do you think people should know?
What is your experience with long distance relationship?
For those of us with a nefarious background, what story do you tell people that they straight up do not believe?
What is an off brand food that you like more than the original?
What is the best way to tell a story so that your audience keeps interested?
People who have lived in college dorm rooms as students, how was your experience? I'm super nervous about moving into one and I picture it as being really terrible.
Which TV show do you absolutely love, but only seen once?
What was your favourite memory from high school/college and university?
What is your hobby and why do you love it?
Pill vs food?
What is the worst response to "I love you?"
Gamers of reddit if you had to permenantly love into a game with no respawning by any means without consequence which game would you choose
What is an example of a "We've always done it this way" that needs to end?
Nutritionists of Reddit, how the fuck do people measure calorie content of mixed foods? Like trail mix and shit like that. It makes no sense and I'm confused with life
What movie or show did you love as a kid that upon rewatching it as an adult, you thought it was terrible?
What’s a piece of media (game, book, movie, music, etc.) that you love but can’t recommend to anyone else for some reason?
What's an activity that you dread starting but once you do it you love it?
What unexpected food combinations are secretly amazing?
Besides trash can jenga, what household chore games do you play?
Say that the Madoka Magica universe was real. If Kyubey came up to you and gave you the opportunity to become a magical girl, what would you wish for in the contract?
What inappropriate question would you love to know the answer to?
If you were trapped inside a food and had to eat your way out, what food would you choose to be trapped inside of?
People who have worked in restaurants and in fast food restaurants, what's the worst customer that has been in the restaurant you were working in?
What do you love the most about your country?
What do you think would lead to happier life, a study that you love with little or no job guarantee, or something that you don't particularly like but will give more financial security?
Pet owners of Reddit. Have your pets ever ran away or escaped?
You are sent back to the year 1019, in the correct clothing for that time. Armed with only your knowledge. What are some things you would do to advance society faster, without someone burning you as a witch?
When were conspiracy theorists actually right?
Anime fans, what's an anime you loved right off the bat? And why?
What is your favorite album of all time?
Who is your favorite god or goddess from mythology?
Folks in the restaurant business,how true are stories of staff spitting in food/drinks?
hat are some underrated music artist that deserve more attention
Religious people of Reddit. What are some of the weirdest atheist arguments you've heard, trying to convince you that you're wrong?
What celebrity would you most like to bitch-slap and why?
What smelly food does your SO make that makes you want to fly out of the house?
What famous person, living or dead, would you want to date and why?
What's a food that is universally loved?
People that came from nothing and became rich due to hard work, how did your social/love life change?
What is a song that is not your music taste, but you love?
If aliens took over the world and made humans their personal pets, what would their top pet ownership tips be?
What’s a cheap hobby to pick up in college?
In order to preserve blood line, incest occurred in the time of monarchies. What would you do to preserve your blood line if you were a king?
Picky eaters of Reddit, what’s your experience with people who like a food that you do not ?
what do you think would happen if you matched with one of your college professors on tinder?
Redditors who have been married 10+ years, are you still in love with your spouse?
Most Hated Band/ Artist you love to listen to?
An Ethical Question: Let say Jigsaw injected a poison on everyone but you and the timer is running out fast. He gave you only two syringes for a cure and you are in a room with three people: your best friend, your lover, and your eldest sibling. What would you do?
What is something you hate but everyone else loves?
What are some of the most underrated movies of all time?
How will you react if I ask “What is love”?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have known a loved one is about to die - what have you done to get to know them better before they passed away?
What is your current food obsession?
I am into entreprenuership and wanna start my own company, should I go to Digital Marketing or Programming college, I am interested in programming,and I am passionate about it, but I am in dilema here, because I also love marketing and think it will be useful?
Sons of Reddit, how do you tell your fathers you love them without it being awkward? Fathers of Reddit, how do you tell your sons you love them without it being awkward?
What's a simple to prepare yet delicious food that others should know about?
What is your fondest childhood memory?
What aspect of your best friend do you absolutely love even though you don’t understand it?
What is something you'd like to see less of in movies?
What is something you have that the Kardashians don’t?
What is the most surreal experience you’ve had that most people wouldn’t believe?
What’s the best brunch food?
Are classic Disney movies worth some actual money or should I just sell them on Marketplace?
What’s the most unfair thing that happened to you at school?
What is the small, weird thing you do to/for your Significant other that they absolutely love?
For the people with the work experience, what are the best and worst fast food restaurants to work at?
/u/AutoModerator on To all the Food Deliverers, have you ever delivered food to a famous person? Like Actors, Streamers, Models, Singers, etc?
What is your favorite Inspirational Movie that you know?
Reddit, what are the differences between platonic (friendly) and romantic love?
People who love Trump. Do you think it’s more because you’re stupid or because you’re racist? Or both?
Is ethanol ever used as a psychiatric medicine? (Professionally)
Foreign food delivery app
What's a food that you love which is weird but you love?
When have you been bummed that a fast food place near you closed down?
Redditors who found love later in life, what is your story?
College students of Reddit, what is something you were told about college that ended up not being true?
Music lovers of Reddit, if you were to play just one song for the rest of your life, what song would you play and why?
Married people of reddit, what’s your love story?
Servers and cooks, have you ever spit in a customers food... if so, why?
What is the best example of “don’t judge a book by it’s cover” that you have experienced in your life?
[Serious]Why are black Americans so violent?
What two businesses merge together to create the best possible product/service/food, etc?
Is DNA an object-oriented life-programming language ?
What do you think would happen if we didn't have the voice in our heads?
Does anyone know the song that goes "Pop top duh nuh nuh nuh" it starts of by saying "did I really forget the tune", but to make sure they don't remove this, what is your favorite game genre?
Old Mine-crafters of Reddit, what is your greatest build/moment in Minecraft?
What are the weirdest food combinations that you love?
What’s a YouTube channel you loved but was ruined with clickbait?
What’s a mistake that you’re glad you made?
What happened that made you hate someone you once loved and vise versa?
EDM lovers of reddit, which is your favourite song?
What’s that one chocolate that reminds you of childhood which is no longer made?
What is a healthier food alternative that you think tastes better?
What is the time you felt most like an action character/hero?
Is online love the same as experiencing love irl?
Are there different forms of this so called thing we call “love”? If so then what kinds are there?
College graduates or students, what are some tips/advice/hacks you would like to tell future/current college students?
Why do elephants love mud so much?
How do you fight 5000 kindergarteners?
Ivy school and colleges
Music lovers in Reddit, what are the famous songs you know which were written/inspired by for a real person ?
What random statistic would you love to know?
You get one text, no more than 160 characters, that gets sent to everyone’s phone. What does it say?
Do you still have a "security object" (blanket, stuffed animal, ect)? What is it and why do you think you still have it?
Brand new Dads of Reddit, how is your first Father's Day? Is it everything you've dreamed of?
Kids who’ve been kissed by presidents (or any prominent figure), is that a story everyone brings up at family gatherings?
How do you control your clinginess towards people you love?
People who have been in and out of prison, what did you miss the most about the outside world while incarcerated?
If you were to take on the entirety of Ancient Egypt with only an M4, Bullet Proof Vest, Spetsnaz Helmet and Infinite Anmo, would you succeed?
What is your opinion on love at first sight?
What's a good deed that you regret doing?
Humans born of humans? Who do you take after in a bad way, your mom or your dad?
How can you get over someone you loved but cheated on you?
Females of Reddit, what was the absolute worst time you got your period?
What tasty food would be disgusting if eaten over rice?
What are some WW 1&amp;2 facts that we don't know about?
Worst thing you've ever found in your fast food?
how would truly equal world (without genders, the same bathroom for everybody etc..) look like?
What do you wish you had told a loved one before they died?
What is the best piece of classical music to blare from the car while driving down the road?
Can anyone ssugest some good tv series/documentaries about space?
If you could explain your personality as food, what would it be?
Programmers of Reddit, what is the most misunderstood thing about your profession?
r/RealAhegao but from guys?
Those of you that got married young (under 22), how did you decide it was time? How did it turn out?
College grad redditors what path do you find yourself on now, you never would have guessed before or during college?
What great works of art, music, plays, shows, movies, games, etc. would you love to see in another medium? Why?
Do you 'foo fooo' to eat your hot food or do you 'hdurhsvxhdiwjsbsvxbdhsb' to eat it fastly
What’s your view on eating ass?
People of Reddit, how do others see you?
What was a good fad while you were growing up?
Parents of Reddit, what is something low energy and cost that your children could that would be meaningful, rewarding or generally positive?
What are the most financially and intrinsically rewarding career paths for someone who loves interacting with people?
People who have been in a happy relationship and have fell in love for another person, what is your story?
Why does every human love the sound of those hot summer cicadas?
What is love?
If every mosquito was wiped off the face of the planet, would it really matter? Would another insect take their place or is the food chain too dependent on them?
What are your best flirty questions/jokes?
What foods smell better than they taste?
Whatever you spent money on last you have a unlimited amount of. (If it was a service like getting nails done, you have coupons for free nails for life) What do you do with it and what is it worth?
What's a food most people love, but you find disgusting ?
If there’s one thing that you can change in your life but only once, what would it be?
What's a inconvenience that people from the 2100's would have?
What is the one realisation that helped you the most, when grieving for a lost loved one?
What is your official U.S. state foods?
In what ways are we living in a dystopian future already?
If a habitual liar says "I can't stop lying." is he lying or telling the truth?
What kind of food is toxic to dogs?
What’s something your girlfriend does that you hate?
Conspiracy lovers of Reddit, what great conspiracy stories do you know?
What foods are cheaper to buy than to make?
Can someone break down the tragic character types of phantom of the opera and the sequel love never dies?
Why does hearing someone chew their food infuriate me?
How many men and how many women use askreddit?
People of Reddit, what is the worst thing that has ever happened to you at your job?
Where's your go-to spot when you you're looking for good food cheap?
Your friend bets you $50 he can eat any plate of food, no matter how disgusting, as long as it is edible. What do you cook for him to give you the best chance at winning the bet?
What's something you love doing that's considered completely dangerous by everyone else?
What's the worst think that has ever happened to you in public?
What jobs require a college degree but the least amount of talent?
What cultural difference in a foreign country to you makes more sense to you than in your home country?
In what subreddit you can represent own game?
What weird food combo do you think is amazing?
If you had to choose between Chinese or Mexican food, which one would you recommend me more?
What are some luxuries you reserve for the weekends?
What tv show or movie had/has the biggest “Holy sh**” plot twist?
Dear women of Reddit, how would you all describe what it means to support a man?
[Serious] What is something you have done for a loved one that has significantly helped them through a grieving process?
What movie line did you love to quote to the point of annoyance?
What's the best example of the "butterfly effect" you've ever seen?
Should someone state the reason why they’re leaving a company if it’s a pay issue?
Renters of reddit, what’s something that made you love/hate your landlord?
What food from your childhood do you miss eating?
What's something you wish you had?
redditors of reddit how do you lucid dream and what are the basics and risks on lucid dreaming?
What happened most recently that reminded you why you’re in love with the person you’re in love with?
People who’ve never and never will sleep with someone you don’t know well enough and there’s no love forming between you, why?
Servers and cooks, have you ever spit in a customers food because they were being difficult?
Do you love/ hate your parents too? What do I do in my case? Am I in the wrong?
What do you hate and what do you love most about your country!
If you got a million dollars and 28 days vacation to leave a year for the rest of your life but you have to live in North Korea do you do it, why or why not?
Doctors of reddit what was the longest operation you ever had?
If your lover/spouse was once in the friendzone, what pulled them out of the friendzone and made you start being attracted to them?
When did you realize that you are worthy to be loved and that you are much more than you think you are?
Redditors who work in the food industry, who was the weirdest customer you've had so far?
Redditors with ulcerative colitis, what can I do to help my recently diagnosed girlfriend get used to it? What foods can I make and what day today things can I do to help make her life easier?
Have you ever broken up with someone you love because of life circumstances and why? Did you reconnect?
What is something you've seen that's made you sad?
Have you ever recieved a "sign" from a loved one that has passed? If so what's your story?
What’s a food you enjoy that’s hated by the majority?
What is one thing that as a kid you didn’t like, but now as an adult you love?
What are some things, other than hardcore drugs, that are so good you avoid them because they are too amazing?
2' is 2 feet and 2" is 2 inches, right?
People of Reddit, What's the food you love, but can't allow yourself to have? and why can't you have it?
What is a completely random but surprisingly good food combination?
People of Reddit who married their love at first sight, are you happy and what kind of problems do you face?
What food taste the worst the next day?
Redditors with relationship experience, how did you get over your first “in love” relationship that didn’t work out?
Why is nobody using the :p emoji anymore
What’s the most severely underrated food?
What is the strangest food combination you've seen someone eat?
What is one thing that annoys you when ordering fast food?
Redditors who’ve eaten dog food/treats, why and how was it?
What is something you have done behind your partners back without them knowing. (That doesn't involve cheating on them)
What’s something you said never again but tried it again and love it?
How did you stop being insecure, specially around and about people you love?
Shy people who hide it well, what's your confidence boost?
What's the weirdest Street food you ever eaten ?
whats a good sports team name based out of Portland, Oregon? (football if it matters) - lets see how creative reddit can get! because I am not.
Americans, why do you love affixing "-ass" to the end of adjectives?
Video game programmers of Reddit, is programming water levels (levels with a lot of underwater activity) easier to program than levels on land?
What is something that is widely beloved that confuses you?
What celebrity does everyone seem to love, but you can not stand?
What’s a binge worthy Netflix series?
Why in almost every family movie they have a whole breakfast in front of them, and they only take a bite of toast or one measly sip of juice then say “running late gotta go”, wasting all their food?
What was simultaneously the best and worst thing that happened to you?
When did you know you weren’t in love with them anymore?
In love or lust
What are some common household items (from what I read, other than foods and handles and grips) that can be used as a dildo
Redditors, what's your love story?
What's a worse love story than twilight?
fellew students of reddit. summer is closing in fast and with it the end of the school year. what are some things you wish to do over this summer break?
In addition to Wyoming, what are some other places that we have been tricked into believing exist?
Toys were awesome in the 80’s and 90’s, so what’s a toy from those eras that you absolutely loved as a kid or would like to see on store shelves for the kids of today?
What is your best "kill with kindness" story?
Waiters of Reddit, what is the strangest or most surprising dish/food combo someone ordered at the place you work/ used to work?
What does love feel like?
I love shoot ‘em up video games but I’m absolute shite. I want to play online but I’m just too shite. Are there any games/modes on games that aren’t shite where you can play online and most people on there are also quite shite or perhaps even very shite?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you’ve seen in someone’s car while working the drive thru window?
What is love ... ?
In university/college, what were some of your first thoughts when you saw a student in business casual clothes?
Redditors who have lost a loved one, how did you deal with the loss? What advice would you like to share to someome in a similar situation?
People of reddit what is an idea you had that in your mind seemed like a fact and maybe you even told somebody it was a fact but in reality your idea made little to no sense and you wonder how you came up with it in the first place...
What are some underrated YouTube channels?
If you could eat only food from one video game for the rest of your life, which game would you pick?
Is it really that bad to want/ own a katana even though you don't have any of the common traits of a person who has one aka neckbeards/niceguys?
If you can only play one song on repeat for some sort of occasion that you know everyone would love, what would you play?
What is the greatest thing one can accomplish on their short time on earth?
What was the fast food industry’s worst menu item?
Without telling the name, what's your favorite food?
Why god has human quality (seeing, communicating, love, anger etc)?
What's a movie you hate, but everyone else loves?
i died?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is your most memorable case?
Why does Reddit have so many people who love broadening definitions?
Do you still have an object from childhood you love?
What’s a family beauty secret of yours, that’s out of the norm?
People of Reddit. Who was the most big-headed person you’ve met?
[Serious] How do you deal with the lack of sex and love in your life? Is there a trick?
What was your experience being in a love triangle?
Chinese (Mandarin) Speakers - What does 'Wa Da Ji Ji Hun Jao' mean in English?
Why do girls like to play mind games with their boyfriend?
It's going to happen... Cast Elvis
What's a scandal that occurred at your university/college?
How does one eat fresh without the food expiring?
Why minecraft red stone professionals use different colours of wool in red stone circuits?
Is there a food or drink that you have pretended to not like but you actually do like? What is it? Why do u act like you dont like it? Do you eat it secretly when noone is around?
Pet owners, tell us your “Who did this?” stories? What’s the worst thing your pets did?
Why post meaningless questions you already know the answer to here when you can peruse the gold on r/memes?
What are some companies that give perks or discounts to college students?
Fast food stories
[Serious] I have an idea for an app/web site, and have purchased a couple of relevant domain names. But I have no programming skills, time or money to develop and maintain it. What can I do to make this bird fly?
What's something you really want to know about other races but you were too scared or you thought it might be too inappropriate to ask?
What is some food you would really enjoy eating but can’t due to food allergies?
If all stores were required to serve three courses of food (appetizer, main course, dessert), what would they serve?
Redditors, whats your best advise to never get sick?
Reddit users of Singapore ! Where’s the best place to eat &amp; the food is cheap ?
Those of you who fell in love with someone online before you met in person, what was it like once you finally got to see each other in real life?
How do you show your SO how much you love them?
Why are pet food normally kept in aisles with chemicals?
What was that one food you hated but it turned out to taste really good?
[Serious] What makes you feel loved?
CeX employees of reddit, what are some of your horror stories?
Redditors who went to university (college) and transferred university’s, what made you realize your initial university wasn’t for you?
When did you say to your friend "you are so gay"?
[Serious] Redditors who have lost a loved one, what is the weirdest thing you miss about them?
What's a place that seems fine at night but really creepy during the day?
Reddit, what is an interesting thing to listen to on a long road trip?
My family denies my health issues and I’m scared to ask for therapy.
Is it common to not like Drama Movies?
What song lyric accurately describes your love life?
Hey Reddit. Are you happy?
What is a small thing one could do that would be an interesting revenge without breaking the law?
Why does the loved ones that died in 911 get a day to be remember and LDBQ community get a whole month to complain about being different?
What food/taste would you say represents summer best?
You wake up with the ability to absorb all damage that was intended to inflict you but you can now shoot it out your body as a weapon. (This includes bullets, nukes, black holes ect) what would you do with this unstoppable power?
Redditors who dropped out of college, why did you do it? And what did you all end up doing with your lives?
What’s the back page of Reddit?
What Sci-Fi would it be if you had to stay within a short distance of your gun at all times or else you would blow to pieces?
If you could create a game without designing andprogramming anything (you only need the idea and how everything should look like), what would it be?
What's a movie everyone loves but you just don't get it?
What food tastes great cold but horrible hot?
If you could time travel, which famous person would you save?
Grandparents of Reddit, how are you able to cook so much food for the family when they visit and what are your best recipes? As a side note, how much food do you expect others to eat in one sitting?
What’s the best way to support a co-worker who’s loved one just recently passed away?
People who turned from ugly to attractive through workout and self improvement of reddit, what's your story? What made you go 'I can't stay looking like this forever' and where do you stand today?
If you could make any food from avocado excluding toast or guacamole what would it be??
[Serious] What would your thoughts be if a law was passed stating that if someone uses their freedom of speech to call for violence on someone or a group, that person will have their tongue and hands removed (so they can't speak or use a computer or phone for social media)?
If you decided to listen to the Voice of Treason today... What kind of trouble are you getting into?
What are some good 1960’s rock bands and songs besides The Beatles and The Rolling Stones?
What fictional character do you most look like?
Do you use "4" instead of "for" when messaging?
What are some movies that weren't meant to be Comedies but turned in to one after viewing?
Teachers of reddit, who was the most sneakiest kid you ever knew who skipped school in style?
Dear Redditors, you are offered a soul stone, but you NEED to kill somebody you love (no punishment). Would you do that? If yes, then how?
People of reddit: does anyone like a food you were forced to eat as a kid?
Pets of reddit, what do you love about your owner the most?
Where did you meet your love?
Redditors for whom people have a hard time understanding what you do for a living (see: Chandler Bing from Friends), what is your job?
Did you like high school, college or adulthood better and why ?
Why would a FWB invite you to visit their family in another city?
Can you get in trouble or reported if you're making lewd gestures or comments to your neighbors that love looking into your yard and watching you?
How does someone earn the kind of love and respect Keanu Reeves gets without becoming rich and famous?
Please help me. I have had really bad gas all day and diarrhea for the past 2.5 hours. I felt like this last time I had food positioning but I didn't eat anything out of the ordinary. Any tips to calm my stomach down?.
After trump is no longer president who will the internet choose to focus on next?
What would you do you had the power of a Genie?
Do you have any stories to tell about how pets or children managed to destroy your prized tabletop miniatures? What happend, and how did you respond?
What are some interesting stories of wrong number calls
Why do so many internet display ads promise to show you "one simple trick" or "one weird trick" to solve some problem? Do they really think that will get us to click?
People who believe in ghosts, what experience caused this?
If you were a character from any story, who would you be and why?
What anime cliche do you hate and love the most?
What advice would you give to any student trying to get into the college you have or are attending?
You are standed on a desert island and you can only eat one type of food and 1 type of drink (e.g vegie tofu burger + water) what food + drink do you choose?
Dear Redditors with blind pets, my brothers 10yo black lab Emma got diagnosed with diabetes and developed cataracts to the point of blindness, what are some ways to make her everyday life a little easier and safer?
People that commuted to college. Did you feel like you missed out on the “college experience”? Why or why not?
What’s a weird smell you love?
Have you ever lied to get out of a situation, but accidentally made it worse?
What would be a misleading way to describe a subreddit?
Would you rather be with a guy who doesn’t sleep around so sex can have meaning when in love, or a guy who gives away his penis?
What is a good laptop to buy for college?
To people who have fallen out of contact with loved ones (including dead ones), what is your last message that you wish they knew?
How long did you wait to marry, and what happened to make you think this is the right person
What screams “im a version”?
what's your favorite food ?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite Stand-up Comedy Special and why?
Are the love heart shaped clouds real?
What’s the most bizarre food you’ve tried?
What food would you eat for the rest of your life and why?
What does love feel like ?
What food would be extremely gross if turned into a soup?
Why are some people terrible gift givers?
What's something you used to hate but now you love?
What do you do to take care of yourself and to love yourself?
What is the one thing that you thought you won't like to eat but when you ate it you absolutely loved it?
What subreddits have really gone downhill?
What’s a movie you love that everyone else can’t stand?
What’s the nicest thing you received after losing a loved one?
What would you change about your language?
How would you rank Ohio?
If I had one gallon of gas, at what speed would maximize the distance I could travel before running out of gas? (For the sake of argument let's say a 2019 Toyota Camry)
What's your successful "I found love again" story?
People who work(ed) in or around colleges, what are the things you dislike(d) about your job?
Romantics of Reddit, what’s the love baggage you’re carrying around deep inside and how do you plan on dealing with it?
What questionable food choices have you made recently, and was it worth it?
How much unhealthy food can a skinny teenager eat before it becomes problematic?
How do you tell a best friend and a person you love apart ?
What do we say I love you in Thai?
People of Reddit, what is your "Ah crap... I'm love" Story?
Was there any one, single thing you learned in college that made your entire degree worth it?
Seeking a cartoon about college life sex, drugs, rock-'n'-roll, etc.
What does TL;DR mean?
People of Reddit, would you ever resort to cannibalism even if it meant eating someone you love, and if you could choose, who would it be and why?
What food taste better next day?
50 years from now, what will people consider as the iconic song of this decade?
What do you love that very few other people love?
Redditors who have broken up with someone they were still in love with, how did you do it and why? [Serious]
How many of you actually use the word "foodstuffs"?
What's your horror story about pooping your pants in an inconvenient place?
What’s a combination of food that seems bad, but goes perfectly together
Is there something you love, but none of your friends or family does?
What food do you crave when you're ill or just overcoming an illness?
What's a product or service you can't believe people pay for?
What type of food tastes good by itself but tastes bad when combined with anything else?
What are the best strategy games for phone?
You and 99 other people are trapped in a large room with no food. 2 people must be sacrificed everyday so you can all survive. people can only nominate themselves to be eaten. The other catch is that you will all do this Anonymously so you wont know who is gonna act rationally. When will you die?
Heartbroken folks, what's your most magical love story/ relationship that went wrong and why?
If you could change one movie heros‘ line just a bit. How would it end up?
What was the last thing online that you literally laughed out loud at?
What is a food combination you thought you would hate but loved?
How many have given up on love/relationships and why?
What's Nimses?? What does it do?
What mainstream or popular thing did you resist for no good reason, that you now love?
Managers of retail/food places, how do you deal with Karens?
What would it take to cut your balls off right now?
What athlete made you fall in love with their respective sport?
I'm starting college in the fall and I'm having trouble choosing classes. I went to a workshop and it didn't seem to help. Btw I'm majoring in Economics. My classes at the moment are GE oral communications, Ge Writing and Spanish 201. I'm wondering if I should take math 130 or Econ 201
People who can’t have their food touching each other or they freak out, why is this??
Is it possible to love your job forever?
Those of you with stickers on your car honoring deceased loved ones, will you keep those stickers on your car, current and new, until you die?
What video game from E3 are you most excited for?
Fast food workers of Reddit, have you ever subtly joked about receiving a dollar tip with a customer and he/she actually gives you a tip?
What’s an unexpectedly low paid job?
Contractors of Reddit, what’s a common misconception regarding your job?
Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit, what do you 'not like' about your beloved significant other?
Graduates of Reddit, what was the one thing that you did, or changed about your normal routine, that got you through tough times at college/Varsity?
People on reddit, what are your comfort food?
How does someone earn the kind of love and respect Keanu Reeves gets without becoming rich and famous?
People of reddit who are artistic and good in math, how do you manage both mindsets?
International people of reddit: what is the one food you crave the most when you’re away from your home country? I.E. Koreans need kimchi or they go crazy
Redditors, are young loves (the ones that for sure cant be forever/have family or forever) as good as people make it look?
What’s your government name?
To those that are pro-choice. Should men also have a choice to opt out of child support?
FNaF
If you could bring back a deceased loved one but had to trade a family member, would you and who?
Do you believe that everyone will find love someday?
Like how any university degree lets you teach english abroad or become an officer in the military, are there any career paths you can take with only a technical college diploma?
What food did you hate as a child, but started to enjoy as you got older?
Ex-Chads of Reddit, what was the event that changed your way of thinking?
What is the worst case of bad food manners you've ever witnessed?
What are the monetary reasons for denying climate change?
When did you realize it was time to relocate/move residence?
What was something you did because everyone else loved it -- even though you didn't?
What‘s the point of getting karma? Is there anything to gain? I don‘t get it at all
What dutch song you guys really love?
What would you do if you really loved someone but they didn't want to have sex with you until marriage and would you wait?
What is a food that you hate but wish you liked ?
What unique aspect of your culture do outsiders rarely see/understand?
If you only had one ‘F..k off’ left, what would you use it on and why?
My Dad is going to the USA soon, what is the most (Not guns) American thing I could get him to bring back for me?
What’s your (or your family member’s) never wanted a pet but are now in love with them story?
What was the creepiest thing that happened in town you live in?
Do you think an eco-friendly, craft brewery that served an all-vegan food menu would be a wise business to open in your local area?
Neopets/Whyville/SIMS type app?
How common is in your country to find a gamer girl? (I mean like a casual gamer, playing some games they love in their free time, not addicted but not "I played pokemon when I was 6 for 15 minutes")
If you could only eat or drink anything except water from a single fast food place, what would it be? Why?
What was the coolest college class you took?
What is an item you own you tell everyone to go out get because you just love it so much?
Twitch streamers of Reddit, what odd messages (funny, disturbing etc.) have you received via donations?
What makes you feel mortal?
What's your favorite weird food combination?
What is one classic well loved meal/food that everyone loves, but you hate?
Reddit, what is the best travel destination and why?
What comment have you left that you feel didn’t get enough love?
What is something that really bugs the crap out of you, even though you know it shouldnt?
What album have you slept on, but when listened to for the first time you loved it?
What’s something that movies get wrong about sex?
What stereotype do you secretly live up to but don’t like for it to be known?
Pizza lovers and paranoid people of Reddit, do you rip the tag with your name and number off the box before you throw it away?
What is your fondest memory with your father?
Your sibling has just been released from jail after 10 years. They want to know what they've been missing out on. What's the first Youtube video you show them?
Cat owners of Reddit, what is the worst thing your beloved feline has ever done?
Knife Guys/Gals of Reddit: Does anyone unironically buy Medford Knives?
Why is some vegetarian/vegan food named after meat?
Those in relationships, WHY do you love your S.O?
As a 2year old female that didn’t go to college what career would make me the most money?
Have you or a friend ever over-reacted about something insignificant?
Banned people of the world, describe a time you got banned from a store?
What is your weird food ritual?
What is your own personal experience with the death of a loved one?
What food do you eat that no one can name?
What is the best way to support a loved one with depression?
What foods do you crave most after you’ve had sex?
Why do women always complain when I wanna go to a hotel instead of my house?
What's the ultimate breakfast food and why?
People of Reddit who love their jobs and are happy at work, what do you do?
What’s something you wish you knew?
What dating app is perfect for an ugly fuck like me to find love?
Okay help, I'm weirded out. I cut my arm while shaving pretty deep I think it was at least 2nd degree, It's been healing for 3 days. The thing that's weirding me out is that if you look at it close enough, it looks like it has stitches. It looks so weird to me rn, I dunno what this is? Is it normal?
What did you study in college and how relevant did it end up being for your job?
Does anyone else only use their pets nicknames when calling them?.. or am I the only person who has 10+ nicknames for their dog?
What playlist on spotify do you use when you make love with your partner?
You can choose one food for the rest of your life. What do you choose?
What gift can I make or buy for my boyfriend?
People who skipped grades/graduated early/went to college early, how did you manage to achieve that and what did you do?
What lessons are learned from world wars?
If you did what age did you pass your parents height?
What was the rudest customer encounter? (retail, management, fast food, ect..)
Do you think people over 70 should re-take the driver’s exam?
What tv show or movie completely misrepresents the day to day reality of your job?
What do you do when you've been kicked out of your dream college for bad grades?
Would you rather be stuck in a place with food but no water or a place with only water?
What’s the most delicious garlicky food you’ve ever had?
Why do you love living in the town/city you live in?
Is the drake curse real?
Company with the worst image ever. What name popped in your head first?
Has anyone ever found out a loved one has died from a news report or social media?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/c6jtbb/not_love/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app
TLC started with educational programming and ended up with "Toddlers and Tiaras". Bravo started with fine arts and ended up with "Real Housewives". History Channel is now alien conspiracies. What network "pivot" are you most looking forward to?
Banned from r/lgbt for no reason - Absolutely Unresponsive Moderators
Old People of Reddit: What cassette or album did you love for having a distinctive appearance?
What is the weirdest/most disgusting thing you’ve ever found in your food?
What pet names do you call your children, pets, or SO? Honey Bunch or Sweet Pea for example.
Guys of Reddit, how many of you use the pee hole on your underwear and why?
[Serious]Widowers of reddit, what is the most shocking thing you learned about your loved one while going through their online accounts postmortem?
What was the food that you hated the most, but absolutely loved after trying it?
Redditors who went to boarding schools/old private schools, what was the weirdest tradition your school had?
People who used their faces as a shield in fistfights - what were you thinking then?
Does anyone feel bad about owning pets because they were once wild animals?
Why do people walk their dog in parks when you don't have to worry about picking up poop in the woodland?
Women of reddit, what’s a men’s product that you love?
It's a world where everyone has a sentient body part that can talk to them. What body part do you pick for yourself and what do you name it?
How do I get the rotten food smell out of a fridge and freezer after a power outage caused food to spoil while out of town?
What are some good foods from video games subreddits?
What past TV shows and films that you love do you think the future snowflake generations will find offensive?
What's and injury you sustained, and love telling the story about how it happened?
What was a seemingly small lie that go you into big trouble?
Does certain food really make semen taste different? If so, what food makes it taste best?
What's something that almost everyone does, but denies doing
For younger generations: What is one thing you are afraid of in future?
What was your worst college experience and why?
Seeing as the new series of top gear has just started, what is your opinion on the series and why?
What fast food restaurant has the best desert?
Do camera operators on chopped get to try the food they have to film?
who can link some seriously screwed up subreddits (imsorryjon) for example
Guys who are into love making and not f*****g, have you found a girl you enjoy sex with? Why or why not?
If I didn’t sign a lease and I move out in a month am I liable for pro rated bills?
Chocolate lovers of Reddit, would you buy chocolate at a higher price knowing that it is a product of fair trade? Why or why not?
What was the hardest thing you learned in college?
Why you should love yourself?
What is some food combination that sounds odd but is actually really good?
Why does fast food never feel 100% satisfying for my hunger?
Why do restaurants have ridiculous names for their food?
Any redditors meet their SO in “Pretty Woman” (the movie) style. That is a Prostitute and a customer falling in love and into a relationship. If so, how that come about and how is that working out for the two of you?
How did you discover your greatest fear?
Would you be very kind and up vote and follow me ?
have you ever seriously considered dropping out of either high school or college? if so why? If you did drop out what was the outcome?
People of Reddit what excuse should someone use to be allowed to move off a college campus?
What's something one should themselves on a regular basis
How Dangerous are American Alligators?
People of Reddit who waited to date until college, what do you wish you knew before getting into a relationship?
How do you think the World will end?
What personal thing or object you wouldn't change for anything and why?
[Serious] How did you learn to love yourself?
Redditors,have you experienced anything paranormal?
If you had to choose beetwen pizza, chesseburgers , burritos, american chinese food or regular salads to eat for the rest of your life, which one would you pick?
Do you ever wish you were born in a previous time period?
What was the first book to ever make you well up or even cry?
Where is the love ?
[SERIOUS] Active duty soldiers, what was a *close* encounter of dying?
When people speak of being clinically dead and seeing a light, a tunnel, loved ones or experiencing a loved feeling, what do you think?
Do you have a hobby that people would not expect by looking at you, are you a big burly man who loves scrap booking, are you a dainty little girl who 4WD’s.
How often does bullying occur in college?
Reddit what is your urban legends surrounding of your country founding?
Warriors in 7 or Raptors in 6?
What was the worst looking food you ate that tasted good?
Have your loved ones made you feel like shit because of single mistake? What happened?
What would you say to people who are having suicidal thoughts?
What foods do you always want to eat together?
Reddit loves Keanu and hates Trump. Who else fits into this criteria?
In your experience what qualities/actions/habits determine who falters and thrives in college?
What food are you craving right now? Tacos sound good.
Have you ever been in love with more than one person at a time? What happened?
What am I supposed to do if I fell in love w/ my best friend?
Why does love and sexual attraction fade away in time?
What action do you take after realizing you have a soar throat?
If you could create 1 subreddit that you knew was going to be popular, what would it be and why ?
What does someone need to do to make you feel loved?
You wake up with a chastity belt locked on you, what is the first thing you do?
What are the most beautiful compliments that can be said?
What YouTube personalities would you love to see collab?
What was the final straw that made you end your relationship/marriage/partnership?
When was the moment you realized you didn’t want pets anymore?
What is your “restaurant hack” you use to get cheap/free food from your favorite restaurants?
If the Earth is flat, why isn't the other side experiencing a global cooling crisis??
[Serious] Divorced Redditors: What did you do with your ring?
Employers of Reddit, how can one make a resumé more attractive having not done extra curricular activities in college/university?
Workout plan ideas
What an unusual smell that you really love?
What was something that happened to you at school that made your parents tear them a new one?
If your parents abused/neglected you as a kid, would you let them move into your home and take care of them during their old age?
How beneficial is a college degree at this point?
Using only song lyrics, why did you quit your last job?
What social convention do you frequently find yourself breaking?
What movie do you love that most people hate?
What's your favourite alcoholic drink?
Can I get monsy?
Hi people of Reddit, what would your name be if you were from the other gender?
How can you learn to love someone you aren't physically attracted to?
If you could go back in time, what would you say to a lost loved one just before they passed?
Which fast food restaurants or gas stations have the cleanest restrooms?
Dating a girl with close male freinds
Who does Reddit love more, Dave Grohl or Keanu Reeves?
As there are many new college grads getting apartments, what are cheap accessories that are a must have for a new apartment?
if you can make any food no longer exist, what will it be? (bonus) what was your experience with that food?
Gamers of Reddit: What video game did you love as a child that you still love to this day?
Police officers of reddit, what was your best moment at work
People who have seen ghosts/spirits of loved ones, what is your story? [Serious]
People who have served/waitressed/waited at restaraunts with bad food, how do you deal with customers complaints?
What was the worst food/meal/snack/thing you ever ate?
Why do we love?
What did you learn this week?
Like how any university degree can allow you to teach abroad or become an officer in the military, can a technical college diploma help you take any career paths unrelated to said diploma?
Parents of Reddit, please be honest - do you love all your children equally?
Help with skin condition hydrogentitis supprutiva
what is the best comeback you ever made
If you had to eat the same food for the rest of your life, what food would you choose?
What sea creature do you wish could live on land?
What are some of the lesser known life hacks for kids and pets?
What's wrong with being in love with Miley Cyrus?
What’s the nicest way to tell someone you don’t want to hang out with them so they stop asking?
What strange food have you eaten?
If you could choose one food to forever taste like it tastes when you're high, which food would it be?
Who have you ever lived vicariously through?
Do people actually like Ramen or is it in peoples views just a healthy option? How is it any different to chicken soup/russian soups? What is the appeal for basically water and noodles vs a cheeky nandos/thai food/sushi?
What was your body count in high school compared to college?
Can you control who you fall in love with?
People of Reddit - Who are social media stars that you hate but everybody else loves?
To all you patents on reddit, what was the most creepy thing your children ever said to you?
What does love look like to you? ( Women Only) &amp; What does submission-respect look like to you? ( Men Only)?
Car Alarms?.? Yay or Nay
I(18M)’m going to college in a few months, never had sex, and all my roommates are guys. How do I, for lack of a better phrase, get things started?
People who cannot have their food touching on their plate, why?
Lesbian parents of reddit? Are you celebrating Father’s Day with your kids today? If so, what are you doing?
Servers of Reddit, what are your thoughts and experience with purposefully contaminating (spitting in in, etc.) a jerky customer's food on purpose?
[Serious] Redditors who have been through heartbreak, did you ever find someone who you loved more than your first love?
Redditors who have recently come in to a lot of money how did it affect your life and the relationships you have/had?
Redditor’s in long distance relationships, how do you deal with not able to be with them physically?
You are a die-hard fan of?
People who share a lot of their life on social media, please explain why you do this and what your thought process is
People of Reddit, what is a thing that caused you to go into a laughing fit(~30 min+ of laughing)?
[Serious] How do you fix poor eating habits?
What was a food you hated when you where a child but now love?
People with tattoos, what tattoo do you now regret getting and why?
What food dish have you ordered (or made) multiple times because it sounds good but is always disappointing?
Do you leave your pets in the room while having sex? If so, how do they react?
Fast food employees, what’s the worst experience you’ve had working fast food?
When was the last time you tried something new and enjoyed it?
[Serious] What's it like to be held by someone who loves you?
When you celebrate your country, what foods are involved?
Programmers of Reddit, what is a dumb question you’ve been asked about computers/programming?
I have an amazing boyfriend who loves me and treats me well, so why do I still get the urge to self harm and even sometimes want to die?
What's your weird food thing? (E.g ketchup on cornflakes). What do you like about it?
What were some hustles you did to make money in college that weren't actual jobs
Who do you love the most?
What's your favorite thing about your hometown?
What is the signature dish you cook for your family that they love?
Why does sex generally taste better than food?
What's one food you can never bring yourself to eat?
Why can’t we use food waste as humanitarian aid to starving countries?
What is your wierdiest food combination but actualy tastes good?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the one thing fast food companies don’t want us to know?
Retail, fast food workers, cashiers, etc., what has been your most interesting interaction with a customer?
I feel stupid asking this. But as a junior in high school with no prior job. I’m making my resume and don’t know what to put in education. I didn’t finish high school yet and I’m obviously not in college either. I’m applying for a job at Ross.
What are some ways to work out if you don’t like working out or find it really hard to motivate yourself to do it?
When did you realise that you were in love with your patner?
If you were gonna be internet friends with a stranger, what would you have to have in common?
If you have to decide on one question to make her your girlfriend or not.... What would it be?
60s, 70s, 80s, 90s: Which decade do you love the most and why?
What was the weirdest thing you've ever seen removed from a human body and do you regret seeing it?
Homosapien females of Reddit, what what are some of the best green flags to look for on a first date?
What is your culture and what do you like or dislike about it?
Redditors who have moved abroad, what food do you miss most that you could only get at home?
[serious] what made you give up on the person you love?
/u/AutoModerator on Have you ever
What is your best college story?
What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of South Africa?
children of reddit what is something your dad/mom has done that made you love or hate them?
Chefs of Reddit, what food disgusts you?
Would you rather eat 💩 that tastes like your favorite food or be able to eat your favorite food but the after taste tastes like 💩? Mention why you chose your choice.
What's a hobby that you love, but are terrible at?
What do you love most about Reddit? What do you hate most about Reddit? What would you do to fix it?
Programmers of Reddit, what makes you love/hate a certain programming language?
What is a song that you absolutely love, but can admit that its total shit? Inversely, what's a song you absolutely hate, but can admit is a fantastic song?
What would you do if you had a lot of spare time?
Instacart workers of Reddit- what do you love the most about your job?
Reddit. What is love?
Redditors of Finland what do you love about Finland and what do you hate about Finland?
Favorite Mexican food/item/drink?
At what point in life could you have verbally stated "Well, I am absolutely fucked."?
The last person you googled, you have to marry, who will you marry?
If a loved one was dying and called you in their final moments, would you want that final conversation? Why?
People of Reddit, would you ever resort to cannibalism to save your life, even if it meant killing someone you love?
Can't help singing the Piña Colada song as "If you like penis and lager..." - Which song lyrics has your brain ruined for you?
Without revealing the name of the game, what feature or mechanic from it would be great to have in real life?
What is your favourite Band/Artist that everyone seems to hate, but you love?
Redditors, why do you browse /r/askreddit?
Office/Cubicle workers who really love their jobs, what is it and why?
What is the movie(s) that you have watched repeatedly for many years but can still get you to laugh/cry/cheer/etc. to this very day because it’s so good and you love it so much?
What's something totally unacceptable to do to/with pets, but totally acceptable with children?
Which song surprised you realizing it was made by an artist you currently love, but didn't know back then?
[Serious] Reddit what is the sexiest sex you've ever sexed?
What is yours "they hated him because he told the truth" moment?
Most meaningless job you ever had?
What are some good laptops for a college student?
Is college really better than high school? If so, in what ways?
What's the best way to overcome chronical depression a person had for over a decade?
What feels better, do you love more ? The feeling of his penis first entering your mouth, pussy or ass ?
What’s that one sub where there are the odd people out in medieval paintings?
What is the weirdest/most disgusting food you've ever had?
Do you, sometimes, think about someone from your high school or college who wasn't your friend or crush. And why do you think about him/her? (English is not my first language, sorry if there are grammar errors.)
What's the craziest yet plausible conspiracy theory you can make up?
How do you not pass out in a food coma every night?
What are your crazy food habits that you apply, only when eating in private?
You have two option either you can browse all Subreddit but only for 5 sec or you can spend your entire life with just one Subreddit.Which option would you choose and why ?
If we apply the logic of r/ProperAnimalNames to food what are some proper food names?
What is the scariest “Oh hell no” experience you’ve had ?
You get $1,000,000,000 if you can eat the worst (edible) food combination you can imagine. What would you be forced to eat?
Hikers of Reddit, what thing(s) are first in your hiking pack? What won’t you hike without?
What product/service is especially worth spending extra money rather than going with the cheaper/run-of-the-mill option?
People who married/dated their first love, was it as perfect as expected? Did it work out?
Why is one worse, living at home until 29 to graduate college without debt and make $85k a year entry level, or moving out at 20 &amp; taking out loans for college then graduate at 29 with $17,000 dollars of debt?
What do teenagers do in free time
What part of high school was the worst for you?
What is a video game that you loved as child, but kinda flew under the radar over the years?
People of Reddit in a relationship, what is something about your SO that you've always found annoying but never got to admit?
Y R U GAY?
What are some things that you would hate for your loved ones or family members to either find out about you or find that you have after you are gone?
Scientists and Orthopaedics of Reddit, does lifting weights at age 17 affect height?
What is Facebook's Cryptocurrency Libra? Is it needed?
Which is better: to have a really bad dream/nightmare or to have a really good dream that when you wake up your life seems bad?
What are the scariest events that transpired at your school or a loved ones school?
Retail workers of reddit, what is the most desperate scam someone has ever tried to pull on you?
What isthe stupidest thing you have seen somebody (or yourself) do on reddit?
Send we hate reposters so much, what are some easy ways to catch a repost?
Teachers of Reddit, why do you love your job/why do you hate your job?
What is the best movie ever made and why or why wouldn’t you rate it five and a half bags of popcorn?
What are the two weirdest foods or drink combos that work well together but may seem gross?
As a really bad unhealthy snacker, who snacks all day on junk food. Please Reddit, tell me some healthy, tasty and affordable alternatives?
Why do most people prefer a warm shower over a cold one?
What is something mildly annoying you would curse humanity with?
If this life is a menu, what experience would you choose over and over?
What is the most convincing subreddit you would like to see and NEVER come back?
What's the best frozen food out there?
Retail/fast food/etc. workers of Reddit, what was the most a customer has done for you?
Men of reddit, what two women in your life would you love to see have hot lesbian sex?
what is your love story where you were the one cheating on your other one
What conflicts would you expect your idea of a morally perfect person to run into?
What's one Kids Show you loved but nobody else seems to remember?
What's a useful piece of information you learnt from a movie?
People of Reddit: What would you do, if you achieve ultimate power to rule our planet?
What food do you love that everyone seems to hate?
Humans of Reddit, what are some weird foods you enjoy?
Non-US citizens of Reddit, what is your opinion of the electoral college?
[Serious] Have you dropped out of college, or a higher-education degree like a PhD? Why?
What’s your favorite, nostalgic food?
So what is right and what is wrong?gimme a signe. What is love?
If you must eat only one food for one month, what would you eat?
What’s the grossest food people eat on the train?
why did you drop your major in college?
What was a favourite food that you ended up hating?
What's the worst choice for a movie you've taken a first date to, and did you get a second date after your blunder?
Encounters with friendly ghosts? What happened?
To all the Fast food workers of reddit, what was your worst “Karen” experience?
What food or drink screams out "summer is here"?
What is the most terrifying/scariest thing that has happened to you but no one ever believes you if you tell them?
What sounds true but is really bullshit?
What are some weird but wonderful food combinations?
Why do Americans love to describe many criminals as 'monsters'?
How do you show your mom that you love her?
People of Reddit who have worked in a restaurant, what's the most disgusting thing you've seen?
What is a great way to meet people after college besides using dating apps?
Since 2019 is nearly half way through, what is the TLDR of your year so far?
Why does everyone love Keanu Reeves?
I love shaking hands
Are we really free?
What is your favourite buffet food?
When have you been overruled by someone, for it to blow up in the overruler's face?
What’s a good marbles strategy (I need to beat my uncle)?
If you have a loved one who is unable to take care of themself, would you pur them in a nursing home or let them live with you?
What are the most popular foods in your country?
If your sex life was a movie title, what would it be?
What is your cutest real-life love story?
What food has the worst diminishing returns the more you eat?
Has anyone signed up for a class and the university cancels it due to low enrollment? If so what’d you do?
What Villains would you love to have a movie solely about?
Farva shows up at your fast food joint and demands a liter of cola. What kind of shenanigans do you pull on him? Do you spit in his burger, poke a hole in his cup, or do something else entirely?
People of reddit what foods make you sick?
What innocent moment in a show, book, movie, or videogame do you find fucked up?
Europeans, do you hate the 4th of July? Why or why not?
You wake up and look out of bed and there is a 7 foot tall version of whatever you ate last watching you, what food is scaring you this morning?
Why does my dog keep kicking me in the balls?
Divorce of Reddit, how well did the procedure went for you ?
What is the best underrated conspiracy theory you love?
What one little thing will you do in your will to get the last laugh at everyone you love?
What makes American food so subpar compared to other countries?
Where is the best place to live if you don't want to have problems with cockroaches?
What can I, a citizen of the United States, do to help the people of Hong Kong in their recent protests?
Is anyone afraid of answering the door for food delivery? If so why?
If you have the chance to relive one moment in your life, which moment would it be and why?
At what point in your previous/current relationships did you realize that you were the unhealthy person?
What was a real life experience you would consider paranormal?
What joke always gets a laugh ?
What’s a food that EVERYONE in your family likes and you don’t so you have to just sit there and pretend to like?
If you had to choose one type of food and drink to consume for the rest of your life, what would you goose?
What is one of the best examples of a power move that you’ve seen?
What "weird" habit do you have that has actually come in handy?
Redditors that are homosexual but wants to Come out as heterosexual how do you plan on doing it?
Non US redditors, What foods does the US love that everyone else think is disgusting?
What is your favorite thing about one of your pets, or one you had in the past?
Subs to post memes without having tons of karma?
What's the one skill you'd love to learn, but don't have the energy or time to learn?
If you don’t look at your partner the way you did at the start of the relationship, are you still in love with that person?
People of Reddit, What was your favourite show as a kid And still love it today?
What country in your opinion makes the best food? Why?
People of Reddit. What’s a generally loved Film / Television show that you found to be average?
What’s a food combination that you think is really good but everyone else thinks is weird/gross?
When food hits the floor the 5 second rule applies. How many seconds when my contact lens hits the floor?
What food can you never get enough of? Why is that?
With civilization starting in the middle east and migrating away, how did genetic mutations of less dominant traits prosper resulting in different races?
What is the benefit of gay marriage?
Which celebrity do you think is ugly
What is something that you know about your parents and/or a loved one you weren’t supposed to know?
College graduates, where do you store all your materials after college?
Students of reddit, what have you done to recieve some money while in college and how did you feel after you've done it?
Abusers and abuse victims, have you been able to forgive yourself or your abuser? How have you coped with the guilt or trauma?
People of reddit, what is the most dangerous stunt you've seen someone do and they ended up completely fine?
What are some things you wish you could forget?
What's the weirdest or craziest thing that happened at your college campus?
Men or women, whose the better lover?
Have u ever been in situation, when u realised t u can die? My elevator was falling for few seconds
Have you ever had a near death experience?
Okay everybody, guess what??
Do religious Muslim families give their dogs halal dog food/meat? Same with Jewish families &amp; kosher food.
What was the first thing you did straight out of college?
2019 /r/Fantasy Census Results
What’s the worst pickup line you’ve ever used?
If you could have anything as your own what would it be and why?
Romantic redditors: What is your best "i love you to the moon and back" line/example?
Advertisements are everywhere and they are absolutely disgusting. What do you think about idea of “Anti-marketing” lessons at our schools and colleges?
What did you start appreciating only recently and never really thought about before?
What’s the best job you’ve ever had? What made it so great?
What is the food you love eating when you’re sick?
Siblings of reddit, what was your 'oh shit I'm not the favourite' moment?
Redditors currently in a mean of transport, where are you going? Why? and where you come from?
What are some of your country’s ethnic food that you thought was amazing when you had it in another country and why?
Has anyone had an experience where they don’t remember if something happened in a dream or in real life? If so, I’d like to hear.
People of Reddit. What is the worst part of your job?
What is the ultimate fast food sauce?
Is love the answer? Why or why not?
Why do a lot of girl groups have a gay guy mate, but there are never groups of guys who have a lesbian in the mix?
What is the funniest name you looked up on urban dictionary?
What is love?
What are some of the worst road rage incidents you've witnessed/experienced?
What movie is universally loved?
What's a foreign food that you love but others hate. (I like sushi if you were wondering)
Fast food workers of reddit, what are some things that made you stop buying from that chain.
What are some misconceptions you had about Belgium ?
Have you ever ate way too much food in one go? What was it like?
What are your options or interests that would decimate your parents' love for you?
Redditors that have visited the Balkans, what was your experience like?
If you had $300 dollars to spend on anything, what would you buy?
What off brand foods are better than the name brand ones?
What song is the soundtrack of your life ?
Is there a subreddit for those who ain't like the other redditors, who love life and wanna change the world and save it?
We all know that the n-word offends black people, but how can you easily offend white guys?
You will die in 24 hours, what do you accomplish?
How long were you with your SO until you told them you loved them?
What's a combination of food you love but most people would think is weird together?
What is a food combination that when separate are amazing but when put together is disgusting?
Whats an unlikely food combination that went surprisingly well together for you?
Adults of reddit who didn’t date in their teenage years to early adulthood, what’s your story of hope. How did you finally meet someone?
[SERIOUS] Drug dealers of reddit, how did you start and what are things currently like?
All the people here in love with their best friends, what’s your most tragic story?
How would you pay tribute to the love of your life?
Waiters / waitresses of reddit, what is the craziest thing you've seen somebody looking at on their phone when you went to deliver their food?
[Serious] What are your favorite discontinued foods?
How do you make a real alpha male fall in love with you?
What is the best way to tell someone you love them without saying it?
Did anyone’s school actually have a food fight? How far did it escalate and what punishment was given?
Redditors who have dated a best friend, how did it go?
You are Stranded in a Island with the person you Despise, what do you do and why?
Do they think they are funny?
Medical professionals of reddit, what’s the fastest way that you’ve found to put on your gloves in an emergency?
What movies or TV shows created cult followings?
Who is a fictional villain you love that is supposedly hated by everyone else?
Redditors, are young loves (the ones that for sure cant be forever/have family or forever) as good as people make it look? And why?
People that still use the "attack helicopter" joke when talking about trans related topics in 2019, what's your excuse?
Redditors, what is the most gnarly thing a person can do without realizing it?
What types of food do you not like but enjoy a different way/variation.
What irredeemably ruined something you used to love?
As a child, what were your staple foods and what foods did you absolutely refuse to eat?
Broke up with someone you’re not in love with
How can I help someone that is self-harming?
If love is irrational, what irrational thing did you do in the name of love?
What is the greatest food of all time?
Airplane pilots, what was the best view you have seen while flying.
Why everyone seems to love Keanu Reeves now ? What make him special ?
What was your Minecraft world that you loved ❤️ and you spent hours on when you were young. Describe it and why it was special
Who are some people who have had the most influence on humanity/the Earth?
In your opinion, what's the difference between love and lust?
Hi Reddit. Are there any foods or ingredients within the realm of generally accepted culinary norms that you will not eat?
If you were strandes pn a desert island got to take everything with you but one thing, what would you leave behind?
What are some easy ways to make extra money online on your own schedule?
What's the movie that Bumblebee watched in the garage?
What makes people fall in love? I don't get it.
How would you confess your love to someone?
How do you say I love you to those close to you?
When do you separate a creator from their creations if something the creator has done feels wrong to you?
What was less physically painful than you expected?
What was the coolest thing you ever found?
What popular food combo do you hate?
What do you love to see when it happens to someone else?
Is college really worth it anymore?
Parents, what’s the strangest/ weirdest thing your kid has ever said to you?
What would be good places to live for someone who loves rain but hates cold weather?
You have $15 for the day this includes food and drink. What’s on the agenda
People who lived in the Soviet Union, what are the things that still exist from that era?
How do you say goodbye to someone you love?
What’s the best thing to eat/drink if you have a ear infection and sore throat?
So by now everyone knows about Keanu Reeves whether it be through games, movies, or memes. Point is, he’s famous and everyone loves him. Although I knew about him, I don’t really understand why he recently blew up online. Why did it happen?
What show on HBO is worth the subscription other than GoT and Chernobyl?
Fast food workers. What are somethings that you wish customers knew?
What is your favorite weird food combination?
What's a food combination that no-one like's but you?
You can never eat the food that you last ate ever again. Are you okay with this?
What are your worst fears? Besides sickness/death of yourself and loved ones.
What is love
People of Reddit, do you sleep with or without bedsheets?
People who have met the love of your life on a video game, what made you realise that they were the one?
What weird food combination do you create?
What’s something that you are deathly afraid of that most people have absolute no issue with?
What are signs that someone is a good friend?
What are some of your favorite guilty pleasure foods?
People of reddit, what did you do when you fucked your way out of a breakup ( from 2.5 years ago ) and you just couldn't fall in love again ( not for the lack of trying ) ?
Why do RomComs make it look like being a virgin in college is a bad thing?
What's one food that you love but the rest of your family hates?
do you want love, sex or both? Why?
Men of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
Have you ever had a dream about a deceased loved one that felt like you were actually talking to them?
What you think of Chicago food?
What culture, identity, or group, if any, do you identify with
Dishwashers of Reddit, what landed you in your current job position?
Women of reddit, when is the best time for a guy to say he loves you, I’m asking cause I’m talking to this girl and I want to tell her how I feel but I don’t want to lose her
What was a moment in your life that, at first, didn't come across as shady but quickly turned that way?
What's a fun way to tell someone on Reddit to "take an upvote" for a comment you really liked?
What are the good local fast food chains in your city? Something you only see in your area that everyone loves.
What thing do most people only like as a joke, that you genuinely enjoy and love?
How is it possible that there isn't a clip of Super Han's cuckatoo joke anywhere on the internet?!
International reddit, what foods/drinks have we Americans been sleepin on?
Former prisoners or guards, have you ever experienced an (attempted/succesful) escape and what is the story?
What is your favourite book and Why ?
What’s a popular film that everyone loved but you hated?
nikodfdsf - born on May 18, 2019 and woke up an hour ago.
How long do you have to be off of the internet before you start craving for it like junk food¿
What is the worst looking but best tasting food?
What type of food or dish is hard to stop eating in moderation?
Whats a "normal sentence or phase" that could ruin a serious situation?
People of Reddit with a best friend who lost a loved one, how did you offer to help them and what are good things to do for them in general?
What’s the most popular unpopular opinion?
People who are attending college for 5+ years, what is your story and how do you feel?
What are some of your college roommate horror stories?
How is it having a Dad? A Father, protector, provider and leadership. Someone to love you and your Mother?
What’s the weirdest food “quirk” you have seen from an adult?
What is love?
What celebrity is your platonic love?
What’s something you use to love doing as a kid, but hate as an adult?
Those of you that have told your bestfriends your in love with them , how did you deal with the pain of rejection?
Who is one person that always makes your day simply by seeing them?
Those who've visited America. What do you think of the food here?
Other than “Top 10 Fun Facts About The 1989 Tiananmen Square Gathering You Didn’t Know”, what articles might you expect to see on Buzzfeed today?
There's always this phrase floating around: "You can't love someone else unless you love your self first." Here's my question: How do you love yourself?
People who had really strict/controlling/helicopter parents, What was your first year of college away from home like?
Would you rather get paid $50,000 per month but you would have to take care of a toddler to take care with who was a absolute demon or Get paid $20,000 per month but you would have to take care of a toddler who was an angel to you?
What is one food that you hate that the rest of the word loves?
Do atheists think Jesus, Moses, Abraham, Mohammed, Jacob, David, etc ... were all liars? why?
What would you do if you met a six-inch man whose height isn't acknowledged by anybody else?
What is the most hideous act of racism you have ever either experienced , witnessed, or heard about?
What important truth do very few people agree with you on?
What is a YouTube channel you loved, but is gone now?
Redditors with high karma, how does it feel? Do people treat you differently than before?
What “meal” did you always whip up whenever you had no real food in the house?
Mixed race users of reddit, do you guys have an accent and has people criticized for it?
Who remembers the series finale to gray’s anatomy back in 2013?
Do you want a heart that loves you or a mind that understands you?
Why we humans don't use heat from the "sun" to cook or preserve food more often?
If I wanted to write a love song to my hemorrhoid cream, what original song should I parody?
How would you go about copywriting the Cool-S?
What's your secret to cuming faster than Usain bolt finishing a 100m race?
[SERIOUS] What do you regret about college?
Announcement
What food did you always think you didn’t like but it just turned out you’d never had it cooked/prepared properly?
What are the chances of someone with a minor learning disability taking a trade at a community college and coming out with a decent career
What style or genre of porn, that you now love, did you discover by accident?
What's the one thing you love about your job?
What if "Nothing" was greater than infinite?
What's a food that you love from a restaurant that you cannot replicate at home?
In-text citations have unwanted Japanese characters [Osterwalder, Pigneur, Clark, 2010, ページ: 81]. Document is fully in English. How can I change it so it says "page" in English?
If you're on a date at a restaurant, and they reach for your food, even when they have their own. Seconds before you say anything, what thoughts go through your mind?
Chefs and cooks Reddit, what's the nicest compliment you've ever received for your food?
What questions are you tired of being asked on AskReddit?
Why do some people become more and more introvertet ?
What are some random facts (like % of people who poo on the toilet backwards or total number of apples you have eaten in your life ) that you would love to know but are impossible to find out?
Restaurant workers of Reddit: what is the grossest thing you or a coworker has ever done to someone else's food?
Redditors who've experienced corruption, what's your story?
Teachers of reddit, what are some secrets you would never tell your students?
Who is the exception to the phrase "Never meet your heros"?
People who wished on a shotting star and had it come true, what did you wish?
Are there certain things that can alter our evolution as humans in the future, and how? (Processed foods, antidepressants, smartphones, etc.)
Is there any bright side to climate change?
What book are you most embarrassed to admit you loved?
What do you tell yourself when you realize that you will never find love?
Which country has the best food? What is the best dish from there?
Cooks, parents, and food eaters of reddit, what's your failproof veggie dish for people who HATE vegetables?
What is something that made you lose all your confidence: in your abilities, in yourself, etc.
People who worked at fast food. What is the craziest order name you have ever heard/gotten?
[Serious] Is college worth it? Why or why not?
People who have a step mom does the porn scenario actually hapen
What’s a movie that you hate that everyone loves and why?
What's a guilty pleasure song you're too embarrassed to admit you love?
People who experienced a loved one die unexpectedly. What happened and how did you experience it?
Who hated by mainstream media, but loved by majority of Reddit?
People who have fallen in love with someone they have never had a conversation with, how did it come about?
Misery loves company. What do you want to complain about right now?
For $100,000 you can eat one food and ONLY that food for an entire year; your health will be just fine. What food do you choose to be forever sick of after that year?
What was the most delicious/satisfying food someone cooked for you?
What is the feeling when someone truly loves you?
Fellow gingers of reddit, what are the annoying things that people ask you
What’s easy to eat with braces in? (Most pain free foods please)
Why are a there a decent population of women and men who irrationally fear bugs?
Hey reddit book-lovers, what do you think of 'The Einstein Enigma: A Novel' (José Rodrigues dos Santos)? And do you have any suggestions for books of the same kind?
What's your favourite food and why ?
What are some organisations that can help someone get out of the streets (Spain)?
People that work at a fast food restaurant, What is the weirdest/biggest order you have received?
What idiotic thing happened to you that had a major impact in your life?
Students of Reddit, how do you deal with stress during examination periods?
North Korean redditors, what's the best Chinese fast food you've ever had?
What is one thing you hate that everyone loves?
What’s a subreddit where you went “I can’t believe they made a subreddit for that”?
What was one single moment in your life that proved to you that life is way more fragile than you thought?
People of Reddit, do you wear a t-shirt underneath a pullover hoodie? Why or why not?
People of reddit, what is the most uncomfortable comfort food?
What's your opinion about cafe's and restaurants throwing away food and threatening to fire their employees if they give away the food after closing time or if they take it home? Do you think it's stealing if an employee gives the food away?
What do you love talking about?
What's the one thing you fell in love with at first sight?
What is/are the moment(s) that you felt you were gently loved by the world?
Redditors who have been to prison: What prison food creation did you most enjoy and do you still eat it?
Do you love your enemies and fellows? Like Christianity teaches, whether you are a Christian or not - why?
How do you know if your bf or gf loves you?
Do you think it's possible that we could be living in a simulation? What is your argument?
[NFSW] What is your most memorable poop?
What have you seen people do in public that shocked you?
What is something that you are self-taught at?
Students, what was the worst meal a school/college has ever given you?
What food exclusive to your country or state should become more widespread?
How would you explain the sensation of "taste" to an alien who has no concept of it, having never evolved taste buds? Assume the alien has the other 4 main senses and does consumes food for energy.
What is the most disgusting food you ever ate, what was your experience?
Anime-niacs of Reddit, what anime world would you love to live in?
What is the weirdest way you've seen someone eat food?
Arts and Humanities graduates, do you wish you had another degree and set of skills?
Whats the most disturbing thing youve seen on TV?
Does filing a noise complaint against a noisy neighbor actually do anything?
(Serious) Have you ever got a tattoo because someone you love? What was it of?
What is your latest accomplishment?
What is something kids love in your country/area but hate in most of the rest of the world?
Reddit, what’s the best way to learn how to cook (good) food
What’s your ideal / favorite type of food truck?
What simple item hasn’t been invented yet but should?
In your opinion, what is the most iconic reddit comment ever?
I love my smartphone but who else gets frustrated seeing so many people aimlessly going through life glued to their phones?
What is the strangest experience you have had with food or item delivery?
What's a time your pet or pets past away, and how did it make you feel?
Dear zombie lovers, what thing do you compare zombies as and why?
Is it a good strategy to study commerce/business as undergraduate before applying for dentistry/medicine. In case one does not get admission in medicine one has a saleable undergraduate degree. Need advice.
Why do college professors feel entitled to know about your life?
How likely is a nerdy looking kid who is in Civil Air Patrol and likes Facebook pages such as "homeschooled", "David Duke", and "Homosexuality is wrong" to change his worldview once he reaches college?
Since I finished school until college: Teachers of Reddit, what’s the worst/funniest things a student has done?
Has an animal ever saved your life if so how?
What is the future protein food will be like in 100 years? Do you think we will have insects, just like the Blade Runner 2049 film?
What was your first big purchase as a kid and do you still have it?
Is there a difference between the Muppets and the cast of Sesame Street. If so, what?
What do you think would lead to happier life, a study that you love with little or no job guarantee, or something that you don't particularly like but will give more financial security
What are some of the best PlayStation 2 games?
If you went to college as an adult did you find it awkward and why or why not?
What's a joke that you barely say but if you did everyone would love it?
Minecrafters of Reddit, what's your best story on a survival world with friends? [Serious]
Have you ever broken or spilled something in a store and did you have to pay for it?
People of Reddit, how do you know when you love someone? How does it feel? What do you think?
Where on your refrigerator is your freezer and what do you love/hate about it?
How do you seek forgiveness when you’ve hurt the person you love the most?
What’s something that will help college students? [serious]
How is it that water gets stuck in ur throat when drinking?
People who’ve witnessed a volcano eruption, what is your story?
why love marriage is better than arranged marriage ?
Music lovers of reddit, what is your favorite genre and why?
People of reddit: what is your favourite fast food restaurant to go to, and why? What do you normally get from there?
Best or favorite fair food idea? 24 hrs left.
What’s the nastiest thing you’ve done with food?
What made you think "Yeah, their stupid."?
What’s one thing you can only completely love or utterly despise?
What "skill" do you wish you could learn as an adult? For example; soldering, crocheting, sewing, programming, origami, gardening, felting, makeup application, quillling, tying a tie, calligraphy, etc. How would you use that skill?
What food from a fictional universe would you most like to eat?
People with mental illnesses how has it affected your life?
It is a loved one of your choice's last day on earth, you have to spend the whole 24hrs with them, what do you do, and why?
What’s the best memory you have with your father? I have a select few memories with my own dad, and would love to know what memorable experiences others have had with their father. Please share!
What’s better, free food or food you worked really hard for?
Employed people of Reddit (any job), what inaccuracy about your profession in TV and movies bothers you the MOST?
What is one thing you hated as a child, but love now?
Fast food workers of reddit. What’s the strangest order you’ve ever taken?
What is something really entertaining that you can do on your offtime?
Dear Fello Anons of reddit, what was the worst thing that a family member/friend/significant other did to you?
Those of you who have worked in the fast food industry, which place would you never step foot in again and why?
Favorite Pink Floyd song?
People of reddit that found something disgusting or weird in their takeout food, what did you find and did you complain?
What is the best example of a food/drink that tastes exactly how it smells?
Are those people who walk around asking others if they want a newspaper/magazine subscription legit? Like the people who say they are doing it for school or charity or a college scholarship.
What’s a phrase your parents said growing up that you now say and wish you knew the origins?
Are you a loving person like God - love God, love fellow and enemies? Why or not?
What’s the weirdest combination of food you enjoy?
What fictional food or drink would you most like to try?
What did you do to make yourself feel better when you had the I'm going to die realization?
Why are there so many taxis in New York
What’s the best fast-food burger in the north east?
What's the most fun thing to think about?
Who’s a fictional character you hated at first but then grew to love?
When you die, you get one last chance to do something for a loved one. What do you do?
Why is it difficult to be a redditor?
People who've really, truly, completely loved another person before: what does it feel like? Is it worth it?
Who to you is the sexiest ever US president?
What's the weirdest/worst thing that you accepted about an S.O. because you loved them?
What food is the epitome of Great Britain?
What is the highest number of a single food item you have ever eaten, in a single sitting?
What was your worst fast food experience?
Sad and depressed redditors what is something you say to people to seek attention and love but they are never able to figure out that it's an attempt from your side for attention?
What is your real life porn story experience?
How do you see the future of housing 50 years from now?
College Graduates: if you fail a course in college what you able to continue with your studies right away or did you have to wait a semester?
Who does the lamest superhero award go to?
What jobs don’t pay enough for what they require you to do?
Chefs of Reddit, what food is your guilty pleasure?
What thing about human piss you off, the most ?
People who love their butt stuff, how did you react the first time you got your nuttsack farted on during butt stuff?
What activity do you love to do, which you wouldn't want anyone else to know about?
What do you do when you can't sleep?
If you could be one living food from the clearance isle what would it be?
What is your pets name and why did you give it to them?
What is the worst way to start a job interview?
What is one skill that can be learned which stands out from others?
What should a person do if he/she can't feel joy doing anything he/she loved due to depression
What's your pets name?
What is your favorite color?
Sushi lovers of Reddit, what are your opinion on eating sushi with a fork?
What naive ideas about love and romance did you have to revise or get over from your childhood/teenage years?
Im soon to be a college freshman any advice?
When was the last time something or someone managed to overturn a bad first impression in your life?
What’s your most memorable dream?
What's the best way for an almost 17 year old to find friends?
Is high school a joke compared to college? Why or why not?
What makes you happy?
Redditors who have lost a close loved one, how did you cope?
HR and Hiring Managers - How do you view entry level certificates obtained after someone graduated college? Can they actually hurt your candidacy?
What is the worst tasting food that you've ever had?
Why you don't love yourself
What do you all do for a living and how did you get in that line of work?
If you could only eat seafood or land food for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
How To Grow A Youtube Channel - Ranking Tips?
If you owned a food truck, what would you serve?
For those of you who support forgiving all student loan debt, what do you think should happen to/for the students who did manage to pay their way through college and their student loans if anything?
vine name: african pastor saying stuff like: Your financial live 0, your love life 0, your mental health 0,
People of reddit, did you marry the person you really loved or just settled and are you happy with them???
Teens of reddit,What was the nicest thing a friend ever did for you?
How far is too far when it comes to love?
Studs when was the last time you pulled out and unloaded on her belly?
Do you believe in love at first sight? If so, why?
Why is it so hard to develop a drug/treatment that helps people fall out of love / get over a crush?
How do you stop having a crush on someone who will never love you back?
What's the easiest skill to learn that is impressive to show others?
Do you think it’s better to be feared than loved? Why?
anyone have any experience working with festivals? specifically with the food stalls and vendors -more specifically is there anyone who's managed them (vendors) and created the design of the food area? what was your experience? do's and don'ts? how to not fuck up?
What things are actually better kept in secret from a loved one?
International people of reddit: what food do you crave/miss the most when you’re away from your homeland?
If you had $1'000'000'000, What would you spend it on?
What is currently happening that makes you very happy?
Older generations of Reddit, what is something you love about the newer generation? And younger Redditors, what do you love about your elders?
What's your favorite summertime activity?
What religion has not caused or been involved in rape, incest, genocide, racism, sexism etc etc etc etc...
What’s the saddest story a loved one has ever told you happened to them?
how long did your college relationship last? was it worth it
Carl, why dont you love me?
What's your favourite food?
Why isn't adultery illegal in the United States?
For a funeral or memorial service for a member of the military, (veteran, retired, active duty) what is the best way a civilian can pay respects/honor to them?
What's a movie that is considered bad but you love anyway?
What is the hardest act of “tough love” you ever had to perform?
If every famous fast food mascot had a battle to the death who would win?
What pets can you just not understand the appeal of?
What are games that you can ONLY play in the classroom, that you'd love to play outside of the classroom or wish you could play again?
[Serious] People who have had loved ones in the ICU/critical care, what are some of the most helpful gifts you received during that time?
What is the single most important question you should ask when you think you’ve finally found the “love of your life”?
What's a moment where you could have been justifiably angry but weren't?
Girls of reddit, is it obvious for you to notice while walking if a guy is taking distance to not look creepy?
What is an important life lesson that you've learned the hard way?
Reddit, how did you lose your chance with a girl?
The loudest coin toss
Retail/Fast food workers of Reddit, what was the most bizarre reason you've had a customer get mad at you?
What is your go to fast food chain? What is your favorite item?
Memes may one day be a history elective, makes you wonder how much time until that happens?
What life lesson have you learned fro pets/animals/nature in general? [Serious]
Parents of Reddit: at what point did you realize you loved your kids more than anything?
What's a common inconvenience of yours that others would love to have?
Redditors who have worked for an “all-inclusive resort,” what is something you wish the guests knew?
How are two ends of a cable car cable connected?
Do you love your mom? How much?
Did you ever break up with someone you loved that much that you still thought about them years later and what made it didnt work out ?
Who was the first villain you fell in love with when you were growing up?
What’s a food you hated as a child but now love?
What are the craziest things you have done for love?
Coffee drinkers of Reddit: How do you prefer your coffee?
What was eating fast food like in the 80s or before? Would a date to McDonald’s be considered a good place for a young couple? Did the food seem great at the time?
What was something in your life you’ve looked back on and said “Damn, I wish that turned out better”?
What was your worst fast food experience?
Programmers of Reddit,what was the worst ever virtual big you had to deal with while programming?
What is your favourite food?
Which 'weird' combination of food tastes do you love?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you have seen a customer ask for/or do?
What sounds like a lovely place to go but in reality is a horrible place to be?
Men of reddit,what was the worst sexual harassment from women did you experience?How did you respond?
Anybody know who this lovely lady is https://www.jukinmedia.com/licensing/view/969055?
What is a show that you once loved but lost faith in for whatever reason?
Who is a well-loved celebrity that you can't stand?
People who have ran over a squirrel, what happened?
To the European Redditors, I as an American Redditor wonders what is it with your countries’ love for bread?
Why do poor people think they are entitled to food, clean air and liberty?
Have u ever fallen inlove with anlther redditor
Would you still love animals the same if they had the ability to speak?
How do you get over loving your best friend that doesn't love you back?
What song has verses you love but a chorus you hate?
How can I make friends in Reddit?
What’s something you did while in love that you look back and it makes you cringe?
What is something that you would love to get for free if you get the chance to get one thing, anything, for free? Why?
What’s your favorite smelling food?
Currently rereading The Dark Tower series. What are some very similar book series you all recommend and love?
I'm a crappy cook. What's the best frozen food out there?
What is the worst financial decision you’ve ever made?
Should parents still make college a goal for their children anymore with all of the crippling college debt nowadays?
Is the United States really the center of the World, or are we Americans just brainwashed to believe it?
How many people are you friends with from high school and how many people are you friends with from college?
Should I Stop with all the Boozing?
Who has used Dominos’ pizza insurance and what happened?
I just got out of jail after serving a county year. I'm 30 years old. I am now a convicted felon. I don't have a job or anywhere to live for more than a few days. I never finished college. I don't have any vocational skills to speak of. How do I start putting my life back together?
What would you actually do for a Klondike bar?
What is a food you used to love but then got discontinued?
How would the world change if the worlds population was evenly dispersed?
To anyone who has ever said “surprise me” regarding a haircut, drink, food, or something similar, what was the result?
Will you give up your dream to save a persons life? Or will you abandon that person to attain your dream?
What can you do if you’re hungry each hour to eat and what food did you want to eat?
What are some ways to improve or protect your singing voice?
What is something that you hate the taste of but everyone else loves?
Where on earth does healthy food cost less?
Humans eat food to survive. Why is it that we are grossed out, feeling nauseated by certain foods, when they are not poisonous, and may have nutrients that our body needs?
What’s something you found out about your favorite food that made you stop eating it?
What are some cool little gadgets or things you’ve bought that turned out to help you a lot in daily life?
What do you have a love/hate relationship with?
Which song did you initially disregard because it was 'too mainstream/popular' that you later discovered you actually loved?
Those who have tried an exotic meat, how did it taste?
Former bullies of reddit (or victims),when did the bully finally realize the extent of his actions and what happened and how did he realize?
To All Dad Of Reddit : What do you actually want for father’s day?
What are some food items that taste really good, but is really dangerous for you to consume?
What is a weird food combo that you enjoy but other people give you weird looks for doing it?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what happens when I "ring the bell for good service" when I'm leaving? Do you get any recognition from your boss or is it just an annoyance because you have to yell "thank you"?
What is your in real life punch line? My friends use ‘ love that ‘
What is the most cringiest moment in your life?
Since women‘s nipples need to be censored and man‘s nipples don‘t. Can i censor a women’s nipples with man nipples?
Does a friend saying “I love you” mean as much as when a romantic partner says it?
What song or album reminds you of college?
What the worst food you ate?
Who would recommend InDebt Solutions as a way to consulate loans?
What's the best way to reach out to an ex lover ?
Why is it so easy to feel lonely when we have internet and social media?
Should you cut off a friend who's not there for you when grieving loss of a loved one?
Reddit college/varsity drop outs, how has life been after dropping out, was it a good decision or one that you rue every second of your existence?
What is your "I'm getting laid tonight" outfit?
People who saw a loved one die in front of them, what was it like?
What's the dumbest thing you've done to impress your crush?
What's your comfort food?
Music lovers of Reddit, do you like headphones or speakers? And why?
If I were to attend a local celebration where you live, what types of foods should I expect to see?
What are you doing instead of sleeping right now?
People of reddit, what are some funny and not creepy creepy pastas?
What is in this large, 24" x 24" flat package that Educational Testing Services sent my daughter, who is away at college?
Redditors who took a shit in a dressing room, for the love of god why?!?
Redditors who love mythology, If you got a chance to live within these myths (Norse, Roman, Greek and.....) , which one would you pick and why?
People, who think they are overpaid, why?
What minor superpower would you like to have?
What is your go to drink at the airport?
Redditors who have lost a loved one, what is an experience you had afterward that made you feel like they were looking down on you?
Adverts on Reddit?? Like to know if efficacy of sales is even a factor. I skip the ads myself. I’m into cat videos, r/funny and politics. But I’d still like to hear the pros and cons, from a purchaser. I need to show up to a meeting later this week &amp; I’d love to have something to share. Thank you!
How did you find your “true love” and how did you know they were the one?
You have a 1 use ticket to switch genders, with the option to make it a temporary or permanent change. Which do you choose and why?
In a business relationship between 2 people and 1 of the owners calls the other derogatory names along with an employee, how would you handle this?
Reddit, how do you get through a tough, mutual break up, where both still love each other?
How do you deal with the loss of a beloved pet?
What was the secret about your college ?
Men of reddit how stupid can we be in anything love, life, the world, games, it can be anything?
How do you feel about man on man penis to penis love?
IT people, what was your moment that made you consider a career change?
People of Reddit, when did you realize you were not the favorite child?
You can choose one food to have an unlimited supply of, but you have to eat at least half a pound of it every single day. What food would you choose?
What is your favourite food?
What made you realize you loved you SO?
You are trapped on an island how do you survive, build a shelter, get food, etc?
I love playing Sudoku on my phone like once a month. Am I a gamer?
Why does it seem like there is a food recall at least once a week now?
How would you plan a foreign tourist's vacation in your country based on landmarks, food, and culture?
What is a foreign food that a lot of others hate
What makes you stay in a relationship besides love?
If you had only one song to describe who you are as a person to someone to impress them enough into dating you, what song would it be?
Would you continue to love and support a family member after they’d been convicted of murder? Why?/why not?
Reddit, what are some common love trends/practices that you can't stand?
I'm planning on learning how to play a guitar, any tips?
Are there correlations between people and their pets? Do dog people have certain traits; cat people; no pets people?
Have you ever seen a movie where after it ended, you couldn't decide if you loved it or hated it? If so, what was it?
Is love is the only constraint that ensures a healthy long term relationship?
What's a food item you wish food wizards would utilize much more?
What is something that needs to be talked more about?
How are you?
How different would the world be, if youtubers made their own food franchises instead of selling merch?
What is your video game equivalent of comfort food?
What artist did you stumble upon and have loved ever since?
Lot of people pour the milk first and then pour the cereal. What are some other weird ways of preparing, eating food?
What should you teach your child as a secondary language, after English.
What is your favourite healthy food?
What are some good food options to bring to work?
If you suddenly developed an allergy and could never have it again, what food/drink would be the worst to lose?
Former picky eaters, when did you realize you were missing out on great food?
Women of Reddit who only date tall guys why? Likewise short people lovers what's up? Why is a body type an automatic deal breaker?
Which fast food chain makes the best cheap burger?
What's an activity others find boring but you love?
Cheaters of reddit, what is your best story of getting busted?
You become a leader of the country you live in, but you are hated. What one thing do you do to become popular?
Music festival workers, what kind of cool ground scores have you found after a festival is over?
Do you believe in love?
WHERE DO YOU LIKE TO GO WHEN YOU EAT OUT?
What have you bought that you later realised you paid too much for?
What is the strangest food in your culture?
What is the worst reply to "I love you"?
What is the dumbest thing you believed as a child?
What "I have to work on that" flaw about yourself did you just discover recently?
What is something that the older you likes and enjoys that a younger you wanted nothing to do with?
my the who is mesa oe?e . 3?
What's a food that you love which is weird but you love?
Who are the creative and destructive entities of the modern era?
What do you love about reddit, and what do you hate about it. Why?
Has anyone ever bought any Sock Kondeez? If so, what was your experience?
Music lovers of Reddit, what song has your favorite bass line/bass tones?
People who work at Olive Garden, what's the weirdest food request you have recieved?
If you were to accuse one type of mainstream food/brand of being Soylent Green, (made of people), which would it be?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is one thing you love about your job?
If all foods had the same degree of healthiness, how different would your diet be?
Why can't donuts be square?
How safe it is to IV food instead of eating it?
Describe love in one word. Why did you choose this word?
what's the worst thing happened to you when you met chinese tourist ?
People of reddit, what’s one movie you’ve seen a billion times but still love?
[serious] Right now you're going to a 70s theme party , what would you dress ?
If you were granted one wish but the opposite of that wish happened to the person you love the most, what would you wish for?
What's the one song on your iPod/Phone/MP3 player that you love to hear but would be embarrassing if you play it out loud in public?
What are some of your tips to survive college?
Stoners, what's the weirdest/most interesting thing you've ever used as a pipe or bong?
What's a food everyone in your family loves so you were shocked when you found out some people in the outside world hate it?
What’s a food you don’t like that most people love.
What's your great MMO story?
My lovely Redditors: What makes you believe that life is real and not just some sort of simulation?
People of reddit, what's the dumbest thing you did for someone you love but doesn't love you back?
What's an expression people say that you find annoying and overly used?
[Serious] What are some "womans secrets" guys don't know about?
Who on Reddit has ever want ed a tiny home?
What food would be the most versatile to make other food with it’s ingredients?
what's your "i'm so glad i didn't just do that" moment?
You have only one choice to sell a good/commodity as your only source of income (Ex: Sugar,cotton,tobacco, salt etc) which would you pick and why?
Any rich person want to pay for this poor redditor college tution?
People that have graduated college, what kind of career did you end up pursuing? Has it lived up to your expectations?
What combination of foods or method of preparation for foods do you really enjoy that most other people would probably find disgusting?
How do you get over an ex that you loved?
what are the social issues around the world?
What is the best brand of gloves for a Wide Receiver in American Football?
Have you ever been a guest at a wedding where someone was left at the altar and what happened?
How would you describe love?
What's the best tough love love story, that you know about?
[Serious] If the current Hong Kong riots spill over into something like the Taiping Rebellion, what would be the death toll for today's population density?
Do you like/ love the feel of your SO's lips, tongue, fingers, hands or teeth all over your body ?
Your opinion to love related depression?
Redditors, what is something you hear others say they'd "love to have/do/etc" that you'd be happy to get rid of/stop dong/etc?
If all your self-deprecating thoughts vanished for 24hrs, how would that impact your immediate life?
What food should you NOT be allowed to heat up in the office microwave?
Inspired by a shower thought: what is one food from your culture that is generally regarded as “nasty” by others?
Women of Reddit, what are some things guys are embarrassed about but you absolutely love?
What food tastes better as leftovers?
What’s a food from your country that you love, but sounds absolutely disgusting when described in English?
What are some underrated YouTube videos that you think everyone should see?
What is the weirdest/funniest thing that happened to you in any fast food place (McD, KFC, Wendy’s etc.)?
Why do people still pay like 30$ a month for cable tv when there are still commercials blasted on every channel, and not the short commercials, the really long 30-45 second commercials that take up like 5 minutes before your show/movie comes back on?
What is your ultimate comfort food? Whether it's something you make, something someone has made for you or something you treat yourself to.
Dear Reddit, how would you describe mental love in relation to physical love?
Fast food/chefs of Reddit, what is the most annoying item on the menu to make?
Why do girls love their nipples?
What would you say use to be “cool” but now is annoying?
What is one article of clothing that someone could wear that you make you instantly want to go on a date with them?
To hardcore gamers of reddit, are you embarrassed or okay with mentioning your love for videogames to non-gamers?
Do you think that most Celebrities secretly hates being loved?
What colleges have amazing people who exercise and eat healthy everyday, are nice and kind, and believe in science and humanitarianism?
Your celebrity crush will love and marry whoever does the most outrageous thing to prove their dedication. Who is the person and what are you willing to do?
Can you describe your favorite TV or movie character as a food, a scent, and an animal?
What YouTube Channel do others love that you just can't enjoy?
Westernized foods!
What is the weirdest thing you've experienced at school or college/uni?
If the equivalent of a man being rugged is growing a beard in fashion, what would be rugged for a woman?
Which fast food restaurant has the best burgers?
Hello Redditors I would like to ask you how hard is to enter an american uni/college as an european with an average grade like C
If you had the ability to turn your body into any substance and produce limitless amounts of it, what would you want to turn into?
What is an everyday activity for human beings that pets probably find weird?
What accomplishment by your kids make you a proud mama or papa?
What are some good, non-mushy, love songs?
Food workers of Reddit, have you ever tampered with the food of a ride customer? If so, why?
*sniiiffff* Possum, *sniff* Porcupine, *sniff* Skunk, *sniff* Squirrel, *sniff* Raccoon,*sniiiiiffff* ...Amphibian?
What do you think "Love" is about? Love or lover?
What’s a food you really like but are too embarrassed to eat in the company of others?
How do I know he loves me?
What’s something you love, but everyone else seems to hate?
What pranks do you play on strangers?
What made you instantly hate something you used to love?
Tornado Documentary? Owned a vhs tape that was from a series of unexplained phenomena like aliens, bigfoot, etc. Can't remember the name to save my life. Probably came out in the 80's early 90's?
What is your favorite junk food?
Deli workers of reddit, what was the cliche "dog breaks in to eat our food" story?
[Serious] What does it mean when your family and friends constantly criticize the music you listen to, because it isn't real instruments?
What was your favorite household thing to get high off of? How could you tell when you were actually high?
What is food like where you live?
What is the hardest thing to do: 1) apologize 2) ask for help 3) profess love 4) admit to being wrong?
Can anyone plz tell me whats the song from a yt video? (Link in comments)
国外学历如何办理?StFX毕业证成绩单文凭Q微信『 9105133 』圣弗朗西斯泽维尔大学学位证成绩单录取通知书offer/StFX文凭,教育部使馆留信认证,〈诚招代理〉St. Francis Xavier University
What would you want your life to look like in 10 years, if you don't have to worry about failing?
Chefs/bakers of reddit, what are your experiences with trying to get into the food business? Was it worth it?
Redditors who fell in love with someone despite a language barrier, what made you fall in love with that person?
What’s a food from your country that you love, but sounds absolutely disgusting when described in English?
Any advice or pointers for someone with no experience in the Resteraunt or food industry?
What's the worst "boy who cried wolf" scenario you've heard?
What is a food memory that you cherish?
People who really love their jobs or careers, how did you end up in that line of work?
Help! Watching good omens I’ve seen this before
What was your experience publishing a book?
[Serious] Is marriage the ultimate sign of love? Why or why not?
Pet lovers of Reddit, do you ever wonder if your pet(s) miss their parents?
Have you ever been in love with someone that isnt attracted to your sex?
What this do now you are monument doing right?
What is the biggest surprise you've ever had?
What female soccer player do you love ?
Reddit, how would you feel about cannabis being legalised and dispensaries were set up to raise money for health care?
why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?
It used to be cool to be in a band, what is it cool to be now?
If there was a genie that didn't allow you to wish for any common wishes (money, love, world peace, etc.), what would be your 3 wishes?
How did you declare your love?
People who have been in food fights, what happened?
People who work at large grocery stores: what is something that most people don't know about everyday products and food?
Those with loved ones (friends, family, lovers, etc) who mysteriously disappeared without a trace, what is your story? Did you ever find out what happened?
[SERIOUS] Any suggestions for topics to add to my college-level psychology final study guide?
What do you love about life?
You can be buried alive in any food of your choosing, but you have to eat your way out. What do you choose?
Youngest siblings of Reddit, what do you love about being the youngest sibiling?
What's the worst that has been done to you by someone you loved?
[SERIOUS] Why do you believe or not believe in God?
What are some gooey love song that make you feel deeply in love?
What’s your weird soft drink combination mixture at fast food restaurants?
Chefs of Reddit, what is one time where you screwed up cooking/baking food?
College students of Reddit, what tips can you give to high school seniors applying for college next year?
Is it cruel that my mom got me a kitten right before I left for college?
Just moved to Phoenix from 40+ years in tiny town Kansas with only 4 places to eat. How do you try all these new foreign foods and know what you like?
What is a question that you did not like the answer? How bad was the answer?
What beloved characters were actually horrible people?
How does your pet take advantage of your love and kindness?
If you could pick any food in the world to have zero calories, what would you choose?
In a judgement-free thread, why are you currently cheating on your significant other?
What is wierdiest food combination but actualy tastes good
Chefs of Reddit, what was the biggest food sin you've been asked to create?
(Not serious) If you could add any law to the constitution, which one would you add and why?
If someone could do something right now to make your day easier, what would you say to them?
What were the seniors like when you were a freshman (either high school or college)?
What's a cheap and healthy food everyone should eat more of?
Can love really last a lifetime?
Non US citizens of Reddit, what is your opinion on the US electoral college voting system?
OK, so you love your SO/Partner/bf/gf/husband/wife/whoever but what one thing do they do that winds you up?
Why don't you like spicy food?
How is it profitable and who is going to trust a new Antivirus company when there are already over 60 on VirusTotal.com?
what is the worst job you've had in your life?
Why is every commercial on my YouTube about apple watches?
You are given a button which will give you the love of you life BUT your family won’t know who you are and won’t talk to you. Do you press it or not and why?
What is something you secretly love to do when no one is around or looking?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the scariest/creepiest thing that’s happened to you?
What's your favourite room or space in your school/college/place of work and why?
People who love not talking for the sake of not talking. How do you deal with people who just think you are anxious and shy and want to "coax you out of your shell?"
